AUDIO FAQ 6

11.24 Can I add digital output to a non-digital-out CD player?
 Some Magnavox CD players using the Philips chip set can be 
 modified.  Look for a SAA7220 IC.  If it has one, then it can be 
 modified.  If you have experience modifying electronic 
 equipment, follow this procedure:

 Take pin 14 of the SAA7220 IC and remove whatever terminating 
 resistor is on it.  Connect it through a 560 ohm resistor to the 
 input of a wide band pulse transformer.  Tie the other end of 
 the primary of the transformer to ground.  Pulse Engineering 
 PE65612, Schott Corp 6712540, and Scientific Conversions 
 SC916-01 all will work.  Bypass the primary through a 620 ohm 
 resistor.  Connect the output of the transformer to an RCA jack.  
 Do not ground either side of the RCA jack. This output is now
 S/PDIF compatible. (Thanks for the tip to Positive Feedback)

11.25 What can I get in the way of a CD test disc?
 Many use the Hi-Fi News & Record Review test discs.  So far, 
 these have received only positive comments.

 Chesky produces 2 test discs.  The first, "Chesky Jazz Sampler 
 Volume I" contains some excellent imaging test signals (called 
 LEDR), some well-recorded acoustic jazz, and other test signals.  
 The second, "Chesky Jazz Sampler Volume II" has similar music & 
 different tests.

 Stereophile produces two test discs.  The first seems of limited 
 value.  The second just came out.

 Denon also produces two test discs.  The first, "Digital Audio 
 Check" is more useful for home use.  The second, "Audio 
 Technical" is more for repair shops and test-disc addicts. 

11.26 How do the letters ADD on my CD relate to sound quality?
 The simple answer to this question is that there is no relation
 between the three letter code and sound quality.  Those three
 letters refer to the recording and mastering tools used in
 making the CD.

 The first letter refers to the recording process.  For example,
 a disc labeled ADD was ANALOG recorded, where a disc labeled
 DDD was DIGITALLY recorded.  Analog recording means that some
 form of conventional analog tape recorder was used, whether it
 be a two-track home-quality recorder or a very expensive
 wide-tape, high-speed, multi-track recorder.  Digital recording 
 could be as simple as a two-track DAT recorder, or can be a 
 much fancier multi-track digital recorder. 

 The second letter refers to the "mastering" process.  Mastering
 refers to the processing which takes the initial analog or 
 digital recording and mixes it down to two-track stereo, 
 edits out flaws, equalizes for different sound, adjusts levels,
 and otherwise changes the signal.  All of this can be done with
 digital signal processors, and it can also be done with analog
 signal processors.  There are good machines available for this
 which are analog and good machines which are digital.

 The third letter refers to the final product, which for a CD is
 always a digital product.  I have seen discs that are labelled
 as AAD, ADD, DAD, and DDD.  

 Future releases may not have this three letter code on them
 because they don't tell you anything that is significant. Also,
 some codes have been used incorrectly on some discs, which
 makes the information that much more meaningless.

 11.27 How can I clean LPs?
 There are expensive machines for this purpose which work very
 well.  One popular model goes by the name Nitty Gritty.  These
 machines spray cleaner onto the record, work it into the
 grooves, and then vacuum the cleaner and dirt out.  If you are
 serious about records and have lots of them, it may be a good 
 investment for you.

 If you have a more reasonable collection, you might be happy
 with a good hand washing every now and then.  To give your
 records a good hand washing, start by preparing this wash:
  1 gallon distilled water
  90 ml 70% isopropyl alcohol
  1 gram Alconox (a laboratory detergent)
 Also, get a natural bristle brush and trim it to the correct
 stiffness/bristle length so that the bristles can get into the
 grooves but aren't stiff enough to scratch the record.

 Lay the LP flat and pour a thin coat of the above fluid on it.
 Brush the wash into the grooves with the bristle brush.  Brush
 in the direction of the grooves, going through all grooves.
 Flush the wash and dirt off with cool, running tap water.
 Rinse the record with distilled water and pat it dry
 with a soft, clean cotton cloth.

 11.28 How do you set the stylus pressure correctly?
 Stylus tracking force is typically adjusted at the back of the
 tonearm with a knob that is calibrated in grams at the stylus 
 tip.  With the control set to zero, the stylus should sort-of 
 float above the record surface.  The control is then increased 
 to the number recommended by the cartridge manufacturer.  
 
 Do not, under any circumstances, use a lower than recommended 
 force, as the cartridge may lose the ability to maintain 
 contact with the groove wall on passages of large amplitude.  
 This WILL result in RECORD DAMAGE.
 
 If you want the best possible tracking and sound quality, you 
 will want to fine-tune the tracking force.  Use a test record 
 and listen very carefully, or get the help of a good dealer 
 with a battery of instruments.
 
 11.29 How do you set the anti-skating on a tonearm?
 If you have a recommendation or suggestion from the 
 tonearm manufacturer, follow their advice first.  
 They will give you the best starting point.

 Some tonearms come with calibrated anti-skate.  The manufacturer 
 of these tonearms has tried to calibrate the anti-skate control 
 so that if you match the setting of the anti-skate to the 
 setting of the stylus pressure, you will have nearly perfect 
 anti-skate.  Read the manufacturer's recommendations to see if 
 this applies to your tonearm.

 You can see gross errors in anti-skate by looking at 
 the stylus.  If you shine a light on the front of the 
 tonearm while playing a record, you will be able 
 to see whether the stylus is centered in the stylus 
 holder.  If the stylus is biased to one side or another 
 while playing a record, then the anti-skate is way off.

 More subtle adjustments can be made by listening for 
 mistracking.  If you can, obtain a record with equal 
 left right modulation at high frequency with ascending
 modulation magnitude (volume), such as the Shure
 ERA-III, IV, or V test record.  They have five bands of
 "greensleeves" played on flute, and you fiddle until the
 audible breakup is equal in both channels, and adjust
 tracking weight until it occurs in the highest band.
 This is, like other cartridge and tonearm adjustments, 
 easier for the experienced hand than the beginner.

 Some high-end dealers have electronic instruments which 
 allow them to accurately adjust anti-skate and other 
 cartridge and tonearm parameters.  If you can get this 
 service, consider yourself fortunate.

 11.30 How else do you adjust a tonearm/cartridge/stylus?
 There are a few other critical adjustments.  Again, a good 
 high-end dealer may be your best resource.  Your ear may 
 also be your best test instrument.  

 You need a level turntable.  Use a quality carpenter's 
 level.  Some people like the Shure stylus force gage for 
 setting stylus pressure accurately.  Other tools which are 
 well recommended are the Geo-disk, a good protractor, and 
 above all, the Cart-Align, which uses a very precise 
 etched plastic mirror for cantilever alignment.

 You'll also want to set the tracking angle.  It CAN be 
 done by eyeball, but is best done with test instrumentation 
 and a record.  There is also the cartridge angle, tonearm
 height, etc.  Read the instructions which came with your
 tonearm for the best specific advice for that tonearm.  

 Tonearm cable is more critical than any cable anywhere else in
 the signal chain.  Cable capacitance directly sets the high
 frequency characteristics of the cartridge.  In addition, the
 correct grounding of the shield is essential to minimize hum.
 It may be necessary to change preamp input capacitors so that
 the cable/preamp combination loads the cartridge with the
 right overall capacitance.  Replacing tonearm cable will have
 a similar effect, but may be harder to change tonearm cable
 than to change preamp input capacitors.  Consult the 
 cartridge, tonearm, and preamp manuals for specific advice.
 Also refer to 16.6 for more information on tonearm cable.

 An excellent article on setting up a turntable is: 
  Stereophile, July 1990, Pages 62-85.

11.31 Do CDs deteriorate with time?  What is their life span?
 A CD consists of a polycarbonate top layer, an aluminum (or
 gold) metal reflective layer, a polycarbonate bottom layer,
 and some miscellaneous printing ink.  Of these materials, 
 polycarbonate seems to be extremely stable with time provided
 that it is well cared for.  Do not use any liquids on a CD
 that contain silicones or solvents.  Do not leave CDs in 
 sunlight or other bright light.  Do not stick labels on CDs.
 Do not write on CDs.  Do not expose CDs to temperatures higher
 than normal room temperatures.  Don't leave a CD under water.
 Even the top side of a CD is critical and subject to damage.

 Some pressings from the early 1980s used ink which damaged the
 polycarbonate top layer and eventually got into the aluminum.
 These inks are not in use today.  Some earlier discs were made
 with imperfect sealing around the perimeter of the disc.  This
 was evident because the aluminum in the disc extended all of
 the way to the disc edge.  These discs were known to fail due
 to moisture getting to the aluminum and causing it to oxidize.
 Modern CD factories have solved this problem as well.

 With those cautions, modern CDs will last for more than 30
 years without deterioration.  Most of the CDs which were 
 made in 1983 are still around today and still sound good.
-- 
Bob Neidorff; Unitrode I. C. Corp.  |  Internet: neidorff@uicc.com
7 Continental Blvd.                 |  Voice   : (US) 603-424-2410
Merrimack, NH  03054-0399 USA       |  FAX     : (US) 603-424-3460
Archive-name: AudioFAQ/part3
Last-modified: 1993/6/4
Version: 1.5

12.0 High Fidelity Systems
 People frequently use the term "Stereo" to refer to a sound 
 reproduction system.  To be more accurate, we will use the term 
 High Fidelity System to refer to a pile of equipment including 
 at least one source, at least one amplifier, and at least one 
 speaker.  Common sources are turntables, CD players, tape 
 players, tuners, and receivers.

12.1 What is a receiver?
 A receiver is a tuner, power amplifier, and preamp combined.  A 
 common receiver has inputs for a turntable, a CD player, a tape 
 deck, and perhaps one or two other sources.  It has selector 
 switch(s), tone controls, and a volume control.  A receiver may 
 have outputs for two speakers, or for more.

12.2 What is a tuner?
 A tuner is a radio receiver which can not directly connect to 
 speakers.  Sometimes, the radio in a tuner is higher quality 
 than the radio in a receiver.  A tuner may or may not receive 
 the AM broadcast band, but 99.999% will receive the FM broadcast 
 band.  Some also receive short wave bands, frequencies used 
| for long-distance rather than for local commercial broadcasts.  

12.3 How should I go about selecting a system?
 If you're looking to buy something, the first step is to figure 
 out what you can spend.  If you're looking for a whole system, 
 this gets tricky, because you have to allocate amounts for the 
 different components.  The most popular current rule-of-thumb 
 for a single source system (speakers, amp, 1 something-player) 
 is to divide the money about equally among the three parts.  If 
 you want several players, you'll have to decide whether they are 
 all equally important, and so deserve the same amount of money; 
 or whether some are less important, in which case you can spend 
 less on them and put the savings elsewhere.

 This rule isn't hard-and-fast.  It's just meant as a starting 
 point so you don't have to listen to every possible combination 
 of equipment.  If you are building around a CD player, you might 
 spend a bit less on the player and a bit more on the speakers.  
 If you are buying turntable (or something else which plays by 
 physical contact) on the other hand, it might be good idea to 
 put a bit extra into the player.  The reason for this is that if 
 you skimp on the turntable, then when you come to buy a better 
 one you may find that your records have been worn out by the 
 cheap player.  If you skimp on the speakers, on the other hand, 
 then when you can afford better speakers the music will still be 
 there on your records.

 See also 9.1, 9.2, and 11.1 for information on what to listen
 to and what to listen for when evaluating speakers, turntables, 
 CD players, tape recorders, and systems in general.

12.4 How can I improve the sound of my stereo?
 The cheapest improvement you can make, and perhaps the most
 effective, is to position your speakers carefully and correctly.
 See 13.1, below.  This will improve the frequency response
 flatness, making it easier to hear every instrument and voice.
 Setting speaker position correctly can also improve the
 three-dimensional recreation of a stereo image.

12.5 Do I want a combo system or separate components?
 Combo systems used to be cheap jokes; that's not always true 
 now.  Some sound very nice; there are even some made by 
 "audiophile" companies, and they sound even nicer.  They've got 
 lots of advantages.  They take up less space.  The controls tend 
 to be well-integrated, especially if they are remote-controlled.  
 Therefore, they are easy to operate; this can be a major plus if 
 some of the people who'll use it are afraid of, or not very good 
 at, technology.  Also easy to set up, and don't leave millions 
 of wires dangling all over everywhere.

 If you do go for a combo, get a brand name; either an audiophile 
 company, or a good "consumer electronics" company.  Brand-X 
 combos are generally overpriced and unpleasant.  If possible, 
 buy it where you can listen to it first, such as a "real" hi-fi 
 shop.  Mid-range hi-fi shops sell combos, as a way of 
 introducing beginners to quality sound.

 In most good combos, the speakers are the weak link.  If you do
 go for a combo, you can almost always improve the sound 
 drastically by buying a set of better speakers.  Better speakers 
 start in the $100-$200 price range.  Some of the best combos 
 come without speakers, forcing you to do this.  A good combo 
 with replacement speakers will give you very pleasant music.

 Sounds good, you say, so why do people bother with components?  
 Well, you can get better sound with a component system -- but 
 usually at the expense of convenience and size.  A good 
 component system will normally require a mixture of boxes from 
 different makers to get the best results, so you've got to spend 
 more time listening to things.  However, if you listen to your 
 music seriously, then the performance of a component system is 
 the reward for that extra work.

 Components are harder to set up and operate.  However, as noted, 
 you can get better sound.  You also get more flexibility.  If, 
 for example, you decide you want a better CD player, you just 
 replace the CD player.  With a combo system, you've got to 
 replace the whole system.  If your component tape deck breaks, 
 you can remove it from the system and take it in for repair or 
 replacement. With a combo, the whole system has to go in for 
 repair or be replaced.  

 When you want to add some new recording medium to your system 
 (laserdisc, VCR, DAT, DCC, MD, ...), if you've got components 
 you just go buy the appropriate box.  Many combo systems do not 
 have places (or many places) to attach extra bits, so again you 
 could be looking at replacing the whole thing.  With a component 
 system, you can add a turntable; most modern combos can't cope 
 with turntables any more.  Do you have a record collection?

 If you're really not sure, components are the safer bet; if
 you're going to make a mistake, that's probably the better way 
 to be wrong.  But, if you're sure that a combo would be best 
 for your needs, it can be a totally reasonable choice.

 Now, some people may be tempted by one-maker 'component sets',
 particularly the modern, miniature ones.  They tend to be 
 equivalent to combos.  Most use non-standard connections, rather 
 than the normal twin phono plug, so that it's likely you can't 
 swap or add components anyway.  Even where they use standard 
 interconnects, they may rely on non-standard interconnections 
 for control purposes.  In a few cases, they also rely on sharing 
 power, with a power supply in only one of the boxes and the rest 
 taking low-voltage connections from that.  And, no one maker 
 makes the best everything.  By default, assume that they will 
 have the same disadvantages (and most of the same advantages) as 
 combos.  If it's important for it to work with "standard" 
 components from other makers, be sure to ask before you buy.

 And, if you're in doubt, go for separate components.

12.6 How can I get better FM radio reception?
 A. Use a (better) antenna. (See 12.7 and 12.8 below)
 B. Use a (more) directional antenna. (See 12.7 and 12.8 below)
 C. Aim your directional antenna.  Rhombics are ungainly to move,
  but Yagis and dipoles are small enough to point right at 
  the station.  With the dipole, to tune in a station to 
  the East, run the antenna North-South.  With a Yagi, 
  point the individual elements North-South with the 
  smallest element on the East end.

12.7 How good are these compact FM antennas?
 For receiving, small is ugly.  The bigger the antenna (all else 
 equal) the better.  Of course, all else is never equal, but 
 these fancy, expensive mini antennas tend to be awful.  Some 
 compensate for their small receiving structure with a small 
 antenna signal amplifier.  However, the quality of that 
 amplifier is often no better than the quality of the amplifier 
 in your tuner or receiver, so the antenna just gives you a 
 stronger signal, complete with stronger noise.

 All of that said, some compact FM antennas can work better than 
 a simple dipole in some situations.  They tend to have an 
 internal amplifier, which helps with weak signals.  Some are 
 directional.  Some aren't.  If possible, be sure that whatever 
 you buy can be returned for a refund if it doesn't work out well 
 for you.

