AUDIO FAQ 1

Archive-name: AudioFAQ/part1
Last-modified: 1993/6/4
Version: 1.5

1.0 Contents:

     Part 1:
 1.0 Contents
 2.0 Organization
 3.0 Purpose
 4.0 Omissions
 5.0 Credits
 6.0 Errors and Corrections
 7.0 Disclaimer
 8.0 Copyright Notice
 9.0 Speakers
 10.0 Amplifiers
    Part 2:
 10.13 Amplifiers (continued)
 11.0 CD Players, CDs, Turntables, and LPs
    Part 3:
 12.0 High Fidelity Systems
 13.0 Listening Rooms and Houses
 14.0 Recording
 15.0 Mail Order
    Part 4:
 16.0 Wire
 17.0 The Press
 18.0 Retail
 19.0 Miscellaneous
 20.0 Net Protocol

2.0 Organization:

This FAQ is divided into a preamble and a list of subjects.  Each 
subject is described by a list of questions and answers.  Some 
questions have no answers yet.  That's life.  

This FAQ is split into four individual postings.  This FAQ also 
references a frequent posting of sources for audio via Mail Order.  
That list is maintained by nau@SSESCO.com (William R. Nau).  Contact 
Mr. Nau directly for information or corrections to that posting.
The list is also available via FTP in the pub/rec.audio directory
of SSESCO.com.

Lines beginning with "|" are new since the last version of the FAQ.

3.0 Purpose:

The purpose of this FAQ is to address frequently-asked questions as 
a whole, so that rec.audio volume can be reduced.  Towards this end, 
we assembled a list of common questions, and some general answers to 
these questions.  Audio is part science and part art, so some of the 
answers are objectively correct, while others try to open-mindedly 
present both sides of a subject.

4.0 Omissions:

Many valuable things have been left out of the FAQ.  In part this is 
because there is just too much to say about audio.  In part, this is 
because the general reader doesn't need that much detail.  Also, some
things were omitted because they are too controversial or inflammatory.

5.0 Credits:

This FAQ is the work of many people.  Allow me to thank everyone who 
helped now.  We appreciate all of your contributions.  However, all
blame and criticism should go to Bob Neidorff at neidorff@uicc.com.  
Some of the contributors to this FAQ are listed below.  Others have 
made great contributions, but are no less appreciated.

 andrew@research.att.com (Andrew Hume)
 jj@research.att.com (jj)
 neidorff@uicc.com (Bob Neidorff)
 Rick Oakley (no internet access)
 DPierce@world.std.com (Richard d Pierce)
 P.Smee@bristol.ac.uk (Paul Smee)
 gmw1@cunixa.cc.columbia.edu (Gabe M. Wiener)

6.0 Errors and Corrections:

Some errors are intentionally included in this FAQ.  (It's easier to say 
that and later admit we were wrong, than to claim that this is a best 
effort).  If you have a correction to the FAQ, additional information, 
or a new topic for the FAQ, please send e-mail to neidorff@uicc.com 
describing your thoughts in detail.  Please include your e-mail address 
in your submission, so that we can stay in touch.  Every submission will 
be considered for inclusion in the next release of the FAQ.  This FAQ 
will be reposted every month.

7.0 Disclaimer:

Everyone's human.  Nothing is perfect.  The people who wrote the 
information here put varying amounts of research into their work.  
To the best of my knowledge, no one made any contribution or 
comment because of a vested interest.

Audio is a very lucrative and competitive industry, filled with
honest companies, aggressive marketing people, people who stretch the 
truth very thin, excellent products, and lousy products.  We tried 
hard to screen the hype from valuable data.  If we insulted, omitted, 
or otherwise disturbed you, your company, your product, or something 
you feel strongly about, please let me know.

The information here attempts to paraphrase a large portion of the 
information exchanged on rec.audio.  At times, people will make 
recommendations or suggestions to others on rec.audio.  Some of these 
statements are included here because we have been asked to include 
statements of that sort.  These statements, and everything in this 
document is the opinions of various people.  Nothing here is intended 
as recommendation or suggestion.

Further, no matter how it is worded, nothing here should be taken as 
fact.  The authors take no responsibility for any use of this 
information.

8.0 Copyright Notice:

The information contained here is collectively copyrighted by the 
authors.  The right to reproduce this is hereby given, provided it is 
copied intact, with the text of sections 1 through 8, inclusive. 
However, the authors explicitly prohibit selling this document, any 
of its parts, or any document which contains parts of this document.

9.0 Speakers:

9.1 What should I listen to when evaluating speakers?
 The most important thing is to listen to recordings that 
 you *know*.  Any good salesman will play you recordings 
 that highlight that particular speaker.  Do not be embarrassed 
 about bringing a stack of CDs with you to the hi-fi shop.

 Do not spend your valuable listening time switching between a 
 dozen pairs every 3 seconds.  If you are shopping at a quality 
 store, the dealer will, from the description of your room, your 
 size requirements, your musical tastes, and your budget, be able 
 to show you a couple of pairs that will be close to what you 
 want.  Spend several minutes listening to each.  When you think 
 you're close, don't be embarrassed about spending half an hour 
 or more listening to the speakers.  You're going to have them in
 your home for a lot longer, and many speakers will cause 
 "listening fatigue" after a short time.  Make sure you really 
 like them before you hand over money.

 One thing to try is well recorded "Spoken Word" records; most 
 people have a very good ability to tell when a speaking voice 
 sounds unnatural, even if they've never heard the person 
 speaking live.  If you play an acoustic instrument, find 
 something that features that instrument solo, or in a small 
 group; make sure it really sounds like it should.  Almost 
 everyone has heard a live piano.  Piano can be very revealing.

 Blues, jazz, folk, or 'easy listening' music with simple 
 instruments and a female vocalist is also revealing.  Well done 
 female singing voices provide a very good test of a system's 
 response.  Try something simple and soft, which will let you 
 hear any noises coming from the system; and something complex, 
 with lots of instruments all happening at once, to make sure the 
 system doesn't go muddy when things get complicated.  And, of 
 course, try a few of your favorites, and see if you like what 
 happens with them.  

 If a sales person suggests some music to listen to, the odds are 
 that it isn't the most revealing.  Sales people tend to suggest 
 things which sound great.  Anything you own and like is good, 
 because you know it and are happy to listen to it carefully.  No 
 matter how good the recording, if you don't like Opera, you 
 won't listen to it as carefully as your favorite, scratchy, 
 1940's rhythm and blues.

 Most important is to listen to something you are familiar with.
 Even if a recording is flawed (and what ones aren't?), how is it
 different from your normal setup?  Some of the most important
 differences are "Gee, I never heard that instrument before!"

9.2 What should I listen for when evaluating speakers?
 When comparing two speakers side-by-side, doing an AB 
 comparison, be extremely careful to match the levels before 
 evaluating.  A slight level difference can make one speaker 
 sound better, even though the difference may not be perceived 
 as a level difference.  Some claim that you will be influenced 
 by a difference of less than 1/2 dB!

 First and foremost, the sound should be natural.  If you listen 
 to vocals, close your eyes and try to picture someone singing in 
 the same room with you.  Does it sound realistic?  Likewise with 
 instruments.  You selected recordings of instruments that you 
 like and have heard live.  Do they sound like what you remember 
 them sounding like live?

 Your very first impression should be something like "what nice 
 sound".  If your initial gut reaction is "gosh, what a lot of 
 detail", the system is likely to be heavy in the treble (often 
 interpreted by beginners as "more detailed") and you'll probably 
 find that annoying after a while.  If your first reaction is 
 "hey, what powerful bass", then the system is probably 
 bass-heavy, rather than ideal.  The most common mistake for 
 beginners is to buy a system with REALLY powerful bass, because 
 it sounds "impressive" at first.  After a while, though, you'll 
 get tired of being thumped on the head by your music.

 Not to say that good bass and treble aren't important.  But your 
 first realization should be that the music is all there, and 
 that it comes together as good music, without one particular 
 part trying to dominate it.  Sit back and listen to it for a 
 bit.  You should be able to pick out the individual instruments 
 if you want.  They shouldn't force themselves on you, and you 
 should also be able to hear the music as a single piece, the sum 
 of its parts, without feeling like each of the instruments is 
 trying to grab your attention away from the others.

 You should check how things sound with the amp turned up, and 
 also with it turned down to a fairly low volume level.  Some 
 speakers which sound very nice at low levels begin to sound 
 confused, like they can't cope, when turned up.  On the other 
 hand, some sound nice loud, but sound thin and bodiless when you 
 turn them down a bit.  With the spoken word or female vocalist, 
 listen for "sibilance", a pronounced 'hiss' at the end of 's' 
 and 'z' sounds.  It shouldn't be there.  Most planar speakers 
 just can't play very loud.  Whatever you hear, do some 
 auditioning at the maximum volume you anticipate ever wanting.

 It is acceptable and sometimes desirable to switch the stereo to
 mono to evaluate naturalness.  Mono is a good test of both the 
 room and the speakers.  The image should be rock-solid dead 
 center, and not move with signal or level.  If it isn't perfect 
 mono, it will be nearly impossible to create a good stereo.

 A speaker in a large box is capable of producing low frequencies
 at higher volumes with more efficiency than a small box, but 
 that doesn't mean that a small box can't have great bass, it 
 just won't be as efficient and can't play as loud.

 Good speakers can "recreate a natural stereo sound stage", 
 placing some instruments to the left of the left speaker, some 
 sounds in the middle, and some to the right of the right 
 speaker.  Poorer speakers make it harder to localize voices.  

9.3 Why use a subwoofer?  Will it help?  One or two?
 One reason to get a subwoofer is to add bass to a feeble system.
 A second reason is to move the lowest frequencies to a separate 
 driver, and thereby reduce a particular kind of distortion 
 caused by the nonlinear mixing of different sounds, called 
 "intermodulation distortion". A third is to increase the power 
 handling ability of the system and the overall reliability.  All 
 are valid reasons, but it isn't so simple.

 To improve the sound of a good speaker system, a subwoofer must
 "integrate smoothly" into the system, extending the bass without
 causing peaks or dips.  Many subwoofers have a crossover that 
 goes between your amp and your main speaker which sends the lows 
 to the subwoofer and sends the higher frequency signals to the 
 main speakers.  This may damage the perfect sound of a good 
 system, it may sound similar, or it may sound better.

 Most good small speaker systems have a bass peak at resonance, 
 which attempts to compensate for the absence of lower bass.  
 Like it or not, this is the only way to make a small system 
 sound realistic. If the small system is done well, the 
 improvement you will get from a subwoofer will be small, but 
 still real and, to many, significant.

 Correctly done, a good subwoofer will enhance the sound of a 
 good small-box system.  Done wrong or haphazardly, anything is 
 possible.  Even a fine large speaker system might benefit from 
 careful addition of a subwoofer.  However, the better the 
 original system, the more likely it will be that a modest 
 subwoofer will do more harm than good.

 Low frequencies travel less directionally than high frequencies, 
 so many people say that only one subwoofer is required for good 
 sound.  This is true to some extent, but not completely true.

 There are a few reasons for getting two subwoofers.  Some feel 
 that you need two subwoofers to accurately reproduce the stereo 
 image, no matter how little low-frequency stereo information 
 there is.  Others feel that two subwoofers are much easier to 
 set up in a room, less likely to excite standing waves in the 
 room, and give smoother sound.  

 A third reason is that two subwoofers can produce twice the 
 sound of one.  Finally, even though subwoofers produce very low 
 frequency sound and very low frequency sound is non-directional, 
 subwoofers also have output at 100 Hz, and sound at 100 Hz is 
 directional, so two subwoofers will give a slightly better 
 stereo image than one.  Assuming, of course, that the two are 
 separated by at least two feet.

 Finally, even though original source signals rarely contain any 
 music with stereo components below 50Hz, there may be some noise 
 component with low-frequency out-of-phase noise.  This unusual 
 noise might add a sense of space to a recording if it is 
 reproduced by a system in which the woofers are very far apart.

 It is still true that a single good subwoofer, correctly added 
 to a system will help the sound but two will probably help more.

9.4 How do you connect a subwoofer to a stereo?
 Many subwoofers contain their own amplifier and crossover.
 For these, take the preamp output and feed it into the subwoofer 
 amp input and also into the main amplifier.

 For other subwoofers, just run them in parallel with your main
 speakers, or combine them into your system with your own bass
 amplifier and crossover.

 Some A/V receivers contain a splitter specifically for use with
 subwoofers.  If you have one of these, you will either want a 
 separate amplifier for your subwoofer or an amplified subwoofer.

 Consult the manual which comes with the subwoofer.

9.5 What do I need for surround sound?
 "Surround Sound" has referred to a number of different products 
 over the years.  Many mass-fi receivers have "Surround Sound" 
 buttons that do little more than muck up the imaging.  

 In recent years the term "Surround Sound" has become synonymous 
 with the surround systems produced by Dolby Laboratories.  Dolby 
 Surround comes in several flavors, such as passive surround 
 (which simply decodes the phase information and sends it to the 
 rear speakers) and the more advanced system called Pro Logic.  
 Pro Logic system uses computer circuitry to route directional 
 information to the appropriate speakers.  

 Generally, one needs at least two more speakers beyond the main 
 stereo pair.  Advanced Pro Logic systems such as the Lexicon and 
 Fosgate can accommodate several more speakers beyond the two 
 additional ones (usually placed in the rear).  Often one can 
 find Pro Logic systems with two front, two rear, two side, as 
 well as a center channel speaker for dialogue.

9.6 I was just approached (accosted?) by a couple of kids driving a van
 that said they had some GREAT speakers to sell. They are 
 overstocks, used by major recording studios and DJs or even 
 hot, and they normally sell for $1000/pr, but they'll let me 
 have them for just $399. Am I getting ripped off?

 Yes, you most certainly are. The speakers these people sell are 
 none of what they describe. They are never used in studios.  
 There might be one or two DJs out there that use them because 
 they can't afford anything else.  They are not overstocks, and 
 in all likelihood, they are NOT HOT!.

 Are they good speakers? No, they're, at best, no better than the
 big boom boxes you find in $400 rack systems in department 
 stores.  They are worth no more than what the kids paid for them 
 ($100/pr).

 The speakers go under names like "Acoustic Monitor DB IV",
 "Acoustic Linear," "Pro-Poly," "Audio Reference 4350" and so on. 
 They all "feature" things like "liquid cooled 3" tweeter", 
 poly-cone 12" woofer, fantastic (but impossible) frequency 
 response, 98 db/watt sensitivity, and so on.

 These speaker are made by a couple of manufacturers with the 
 intent of being sold exactly this way.  They cost the kids in 
 the van about $100 a pair, and the kids are given minimal 
 training about what kinds of stories to use, what parking lots 
 are the most likely to generate sales (department store parking 
 lots near colleges in September is a great time for these guys).  
 Anything over and above the $100 dollars the kids paid is pure 
 profit (except for gas money).

 Stay away, you're getting ripped off.

9.7 What speakers should I consider in the $XXX/pair price range?
 This is probably the most commonly asked question on rec.audio,
 and also the most impossible to answer.  The market keeps 
 changing, everyone has different tastes, and no one has the time 
 to listen to even 10% of the products available in any country.  
 Also, many good products are only available in specific regions 
 or countries. 

 If you really want recommendations and are willing to listen to 
 the opinions of others, check the past few issues of Stereophile 
 Magazine.  Although they are strongly biased towards very 
 expensive gear and have their own particular other biases, they
 do steer you to some very good equipment in their 
 frequently-updated list of "RECOMMENDED COMPONENTS".

