AUDIO FAQ 5

11.2 Are some discs better than others?
 Some recordings are better than others.  Some artists are better 
 than others.  Some recording engineers are better than others. 
 Some microphones are better than others.  Some music is better 
 than others.

 Ignoring the above, there is some difference between discs.  
 Some of the very earliest discs were badly made and deteriorated 
 with time.  The technical problems that caused those problems 
 have been solved.  

 Some "gold" discs are available which are advertised to have 
 better life and quality than common "aluminum" discs.  These 
 sell for an extra US $15 or more per disc over the cost of the 
 same music on a common disc.  Studies have shown that there is 
 an advantage to glass-encased, gold platters for archiving 
 computer data that is not error tolerant and will need to be 
 stored for many tens of years.  I have yet to see a similar 
 comparison which justified any extra effort for storing audio 
 recordings for 50 years.  Part of the reason for this is that 
 audio recordings contain error correction codes.  Another reason
 is that audio recorders can effectively reconstruct badly 
 damaged audio data, even if there is data completely missing.

 Some discs seem to have pinholes in the aluminum, which are 
 visible when the disc is held up to a strong light.  However, 
 these discs play fine and last very well, so the effect of these 
 pinholes is probably nil.  Some have performed studies counting 
 errors on various discs with various players.  They found that, 
 in general, the error count was consistent from one player to 
 another.  Also, in general, most discs have a low, consistent 
 error rate which is perfectly correctable using the redundant 
 data stored on the disc.  This study did find that one group of 
 discs had a higher error rate than all of the rest.  This group 
 was the promotional discs, also called "music samplers" given 
 away by music companies to introduce you to their family of 
 artists and performers.  Despite these higher error counts, 
 these discs still played fine.

 If there is no abusive handling involved, I have rarely heard of
 a disc that degraded with time.  Of the few that have existed, 
 they tended to be from one of the bad batches mentioned earlier.

 There is no doubt that some discs are mastered better than 
 others.  Some are badly mixed.  Some are so badly recorded that 
 there is noticeable clipping.  Some are made from damaged master 
 recordings.  CD technology is no guarantee of good music or of a 
 good recording.

11.3 Are CDs better than LPs?
 Some excellent recordings are mastered digitally, and sound 
 great on LPs.  This suggests that there is nothing inherently 
 bad about digital.

 Some find that LPs sound better than CDs.  Advocates of LPs 
 claim that the digital to analog (D/A) converter in home CD 
 players isn't up to the quality of the information on the disc.  
 They also claim that the analog electronics in a home CD player 
 can be poor. 

 Some believe that CDs do not sound like LPs because the CD does 
 not have the frequency response errors, the distortion, or the 
 stereo separation problems of LPs.  

 In general, though, there are good and bad CD players, just as 
 there are good and bad turntables, cartridges, and tone arms.  
 Any ultimate comparison would require ultimate equipment, which 
 is unaffordable.  In moderately priced systems, there will be 
 some signal damage from the turntable system and some signal 
 damage from the CD player.  

 LP lovers often learn the nuances of cartridge selection, record
 care, and even turntable and tonearm adjustment.  They have 
 found that the turntable will sound different if the arm height 
 is adjusted, if the cartridge angles are changed, and if the 
 tonearm wire is moved.  CDs do not offer as many avenues for the 
 home experimenter.

 However, Audio Amateur Magazine has published modification 
 projects for CD players; particularly for Magnavox 560 and 
 similar European players.  Audio Magazine has also published 
 such articles.

11.4 What turntable should I buy?
 Despite improvements in motor technology, most great turntables 
 use belt drive.  Rubber roller (idler) drive sounds the worst.

 Select a turntable with a very heavy platter for the least wow 
 and flutter.  Give the platter a rap with your knuckle.  It 
 should not "ring" like a cymbal. It should feel and sound dead.

 Also look for a turntable that has good isolation from base to 
 stylus.  With the amp on and the turntable selected, but with 
 the turntable motor off, put an old record on the turntable, 
 lower the stylus onto the record, and then tap the edge of the 
 base.  Not too hard, you don't want to send the arm flying.  At 
 worst, you should hear (through the speakers) a quick 'thump' 
 followed by silence; if you're lucky, you'll hear nothing at 
 all.  If the sound continues beyond a quick 'thump', the 
 mechanical isolation is not great, and you might want to look at 
 some other make.  To perform this test with some turntables, it 
 will be necessary to unplug the turntable power cord.

 If the turntable has a tonearm, try to evaluate the arm, too.  
 A good arm should be adjustable in height. A good arm should 
 allow cartridge adjustments. A good arm should accommodate a 
 wide range of cartridges.  Despite this, some arms work better 
 with high compliance cartridges, while others are at their best 
 with low compliance.  Ask.

 The original AR Turntable was very well received when it was 
 first made, and the current AR Turntable is still very respected 
 for its price ($450 + arm).  Turntables made by Denon, Linn, 
 Rega, Sota, and VPI are also recommended, but can cost more.

11.5 What phono cartridge should I buy for my older turntable?
 The $30 Grado ZTE+1 is a great value for any home user but a 
 purist.  For the purist, there are still many choices, both 
 moving coil and moving magnet.  Each sounds slightly different, 
 and has its individual strengths.  The Sumiko Blue Point has 
 been recommended at $125 along with the $125 Denon DL-160 and 
 the $150 Shure V15 type V-MR.

11.6 Will phono cartridges still be around ten years from now?
 Most likely, there will still be cartridges available, but not 
 in the variety available ten years ago.  They will become 
 "Special Order" in some stores and unheard of in others.

 "Pro" or "DJ" cartridges will stay available in good supply,
 "Audiophile" cartridges will stay available and very expensive,
 "Mid-line" cartridges will become very scarce, and a few 
 "Budget" cartridges will remain available in copious supply.  
 At the same time, some makers will drop their cartridge lines 
 completely.

11.7 Will LPs still be around ten years from now?
 There is a strong movement of collectors and purists who will 
 keep their collections and buy good used discs.  Count on these 
 people to keep the used disc market hot for 25 years longer.

| As for new music, less is being pressed today than 20 years
| ago.  Many popular artists are being released on LP in parts
| of Europe, but availability is dependent on country.  One
| person said that many new LPs are available in Spain.

 LP sales have increased recently in Japan and in the UK. Polydor
 is now re-releasing older recordings on vinyl, and will continue 
 to press them as long as it is profitable.  Likewise, there are
 several re-releasing projects in Japan.  Some are for Jazz 
 collectors and others are for pure analog as well as classical
 music lovers.  They are selling the LPs by subscription, with
 shipments every 2 or 3 months.  Each release includes about 20
 titles.  Japan has released over 100 LPs this way last year.

11.8 What about CD green pens?
 In a nutshell, save your money.

 A CD player "reads" information on the disc with a laser light 
 beam.  Some believe that if you put a green stripe on the very 
 perimeter of the disc, then the light beam will not reflect 
 around inside the disc and will more clearly pick up the data.

 Scientific studies of the data coming off of the disc have 
 failed to show any difference between a virgin disc and a green 
 painted disc.  I have not heard of double blind listening 
 comparisons that have proved that there are people who can hear 
 the difference, although many have performed uncontrolled tests 
 with positive results.

11.9 What about CD stabilizer rings?
 In a nutshell, save your money.

 The data coming off of the disc is a serial string of ones and 
 zeros.  If this bit stream has jitter, then it may reach the D/A 
 converter out of sync.  If this happens, then the actual analog 
 signal recreated will have jitter, and won't be perfectly true.  
 The vendors of stabilizer rings say that using these rings will 
 reduce jitter and make a more perfect signal.  Vendors also 
 claim that the rings can increase the mass of a disc, making it 
 spin more smoothly, and reducing transient load on the power 
 supply from the motor.

 Some players will not play discs that have stabilizer rings on 
 them.  The clamp can't handle the thickness.  Other players play 
 ringed discs, but do not play them well, because the disc motor 
 was not built for the added load.

 With those exceptions, scientific studies of the data coming off 
 of the disc have failed to show any improvement going from a 
 virgin to a ringed disc.  I have not heard of double blind 
 comparisons that prove that people hear the difference, either.

11.10 What about CD spray treatments (ArmorAll et al)?
 In a nutshell, save your money.

 Current wisdom is to avoid any disc coating or spray.  Some will 
 definitely damage the disc.

 There are many theories on what ArmorAll can do to a disc.  One
 is that it reduces static which will attract the delicate head 
 of the laser detector to the disc.  Another theory is that the 
 cleaner will fill voids in the disc with silicone, thereby 
 making it easier to read by reducing diffraction effects.

 Scientific studies of the data coming off of the disc have 
 failed to show any difference between a virgin disc and a 
 treated disc.  I have not heard of double blind listening 
 comparisons that have proved that there are people who can hear 
 the difference.

 One of the strongest proponents of ArmorAll issued a "recall" on 
 his advice.  He now warns that ArmorAll can damage the disc.  He 
 also advises that you can clean ArmorAll off treated discs with 
 Dawn dish detergent.

11.11 Are 1-bit CD players better than multi-bit players?
 In a nutshell, they are virtually the same.

 There are some excellent sounding 1-bit players and some 
 excellent sounding multi-bit players.  Some feel that the 1-bit 
 technology has more future because it can be improved with the 
 rapidly improving digital technology, while the multi-bit 
 players improve with slowly improving analog technology.  
 Multi-bit also has its advocates.

 All of the various D/A converters try to do the same thing, and
 try to achieve the exact same ideal performance.  How well they 
 succeed is more a function of their skill and the quality of the
 parts that they buy than the technique that they use.  In other
 words, the architecture of a D/A converter is less important 
 than the quality of its implementation.

11.12 Are three lasers better than one in CD players?
 Some players have one beam, some three.  All use one laser diode 
 to generate the beam.  Three-beam is just a different method for 
 doing track alignment.  Neither is better than the other.  

 There are good 1-beam players and good 3-beam players.  
 Manufacturers want advertising claims and "More Beams Is Better" 
 sounded good to some marketing people.  Trust your ears.

11.13 Is the BMG 8-for-1 deal good?
 Yes.  You have to put up with their frequent mailings. You can 
 elect the "POSITIVE OPTION" and not have to answer each mailing 
 to avoid an order.  You should expect to pay approximately $2.00 
 per disc for shipping and handling in the US and more elsewhere, 
 but even at that price and assuming that you will buy one of 
 their discs for $16.00, you still do well.  Assuming, of course, 
 that you want at least eight of the discs that they are offering 
 for sale.  Some states requires sales tax on BMG sales, and some 
 states tax "free" discs, but the tax still is small compared to 
 the discount from retail.

 The BMG collection contains over 2000 discs.  This includes
 classical, pop, jazz, and other.  All BMG discs come from the
 larger labels.  Some rumored that BMG discs are inferior to the 
 discs sold in normal retail chains.  This has not been 
 substantiated.  In fact, BMG distributes their discs through 
 retail chains, as well as through the mail, so you may get a BMG 
 disc either way.

11.14 What should I do if there is a problem dealing with BMG?
 The number to reach BMG is 317-542-0414.  Their people have been
 very cooperative with me and others.  It is always good policy 
 to confirm any phone call with a letter, restating the problem 
 and the resolution you were promised over the phone.  It is good 
 practice to write down the name of the person you speak with.

 If BMG sends you something that you didn't order, DON'T OPEN THE
 PACKAGE.  Write REFUSED on the package and put it back in the 
 mailbox.  They will accept the return and credit your account 
 for any charges.

11.15 How do I get out of the BMG racket?
 If you have taken any discs from BMG, you must either return 
 what you have ordered or fulfill the terms of your original 
 agreement.  This often means buying one disc at full price and 
 paying for the shipping on all discs you ordered and received.

 Once you have done this, you can quit the club at any time.  
 Take your next order form and mark it with a bold marker in 
 large letters "CANCEL MEMBERSHIP" and mail it to: BMG COMPACT 
 DISC CLUB, PO BOX 91413, INDIANAPOLIS, IN  46291 USA.  It may 
 take a month to fully take effect, but they will honor your 
 request.  While waiting for the cancel order to take effect, be 
 sure to return all future order forms marked the same way.  
 Otherwise, you may wind up with unwanted discs.

11.16 How do I get the most out of BMG?
 Only buy one disc at full price, fulfilling your obligation.  
 Request the "POSITIVE OPTION" so that you save on postage.  Only 
 buy from special fliers.  Every month, except November and 
 December, they send out a "Two for half price then one free" 
 flier.  They have almost all of the stuff in the regular fliers.  
 They even offer "Buy one get two free" sometimes.  Wait for 
 those special deals.  You can even order discs from an October 
 catalog using the order form that came in the February catalog.

 Some have said that you get the most out of BMG by signing up,
 getting 8 discs for the price of one, quitting, signing up
 again, etc.  People have done this successfully.  However, the
 terms of the BMG agreement specify that the offer of 8 discs for
 the price of one is only for new members.  Trying to get 8 discs
 for the price of one a second time may constitute fraud, so I
 strongly discourage you from trying this.  Conversely, I have
 never heard of anyone prosecuted or refused membership for this.

11.17 What is a 1-bit (Mash, Bitstream) D/A converter (CD player).

11.18 What is the best under-$200 CD player?
 Once, Magnavox (and the identical Philips) CD players were known 
 for poor reliability.  They are much better today.  Some believe 
 that for sound, an under-$200 Magnavox is as good as any in its 
 price range.  Be sure to listen for yourself before you buy.

11.19 What is the best under-$500 CD player?
 Some recommend the Rotel 855 and 955.

11.20 What's wrong with the CD longbox?
 Some CDs are sold shrink wrapped in a square plastic storage box 
 known as the "jewel" box.  This is the ideal packaging for CDs.  
| It has almost no unusable components and adequately protects and 
| displays the disc.  The shrink also implies that the disc is new 
| and unopened, but shrink can never assure a new disc.

| Some CDs are still sold in a cardboard box that is more 
 than 2X the size of the jewel box.  This "long box" is 
 ecologically wasteful and useless.  It rarely contains 
 additional information about the disc or the artists.  Its 
 primary purpose is to discourage theft in retail stores, but 
 it is even poor at that.  These boxes are BAD.

 Some stores use a reusable plastic long box.  When you buy a 
 disc in one of these boxes, you take the disc and jewel box with 
 you and leave the plastic long box with the cashier for reuse.  
 Not perfect, but a good compromise.

11.21 How can I promote better CD packaging?
 Vote with your money.  Don't buy CDs packaged in the long box.  
 If you go to a store and they have CDs in the long box, tell the 
 owner that you never buy CDs in the long box.  Then find stores 
| which don't use the disposable long box.  People have been doing
| this over the past few years and have made a difference in many
| stores.  (The fact that the long box costs more than simple
| shrink wrap has also helped the cause.)

11.22 How can I clean a dirty CD?
 Use a drop of dish detergent and lots of clean water.  Do not 
 rub.  Never rub or wipe in a circle.  Rinse the disc in running 
 clear water, shake off most remaining drops, and lightly pat dry 
 with a soft, clean cloth.

11.23 Can you repair a damaged CD?
 If the disc is lightly scratched on the bottom, then you can 
 polish out the scratch and probably repair the disc perfectly. 
 If there are lots of scratches or deep scratches, or there is 
 damage on the top, you may be facing a lost cause.  The music 
 information is immediately under the label.  If you scratched 
 the reflective layer, the disc is normally unrecoverable.

 Before trying any repair, try washing the disc with clear water 
 and a bit of liquid dish detergent.  Do not scrub or rub hard.  
 Rinse the disc with clear water and shake off as much water as 
 you can.  Finally, wipe the last few drops off with a soft, 
 clean cloth, in a radial direction.

 SMALL scratches can be removed with a scrufty T-shirt and 
 toothpaste, such as Tom's Toothpaste.

 You may wish to try a thin coating of Johnson's Klear floor wax 
 on the bottom of the CD.  Often it will cover the scratches 
 enough to allow playing.  The refractive index is pretty close 
 to polycarbonate, so filled scratches will be nearly invisible.

 Noteworthy Music (800-648-7972) sells CD repair kits (#CDR 200, 
 $11.99, one shipping unit).  They seem to work as advertised, 
 although getting the disc to the point where you can't see any 
 sign of the scratch does take real care and persistence.

 You can buy professional plastic polishing compounds at many 
 hobby shops.  The ones used for polishing acrylics, plexiglas, 
 etc. work.  Ordinary lapidary jeweler's polishes also work.  
 You'll need a rough polish to remove the scratches, then tin 
 oxide to polish to a mirror finish.  Telescope lens kits also 
 work.  Finally, T-Cut, a car paintwork polish, works well for 
 big scratches. 


