AUDIO FAQ 8
 
14.13 Where can I get new pinch rollers or drive belts?
  Projector-Recorder Belt Company
  Whitewater WI USA
  800-558-9572

14.14 What is a good rubber (pinch) roller cleaner?
 Teac RC-1 available from 
  J&R Music World
  59-50 Queens-Midtown Expressway
  Maspeth NY 11378-9896 USA 
  800-221-8180 or 718-417-3737
 Tascam Rubber Cleaner RC-2 available from:
  Tape Warehouse
  Chamblee GA
  1-404-458-1679

14.15 How can I program a recorder to tape a radio broadcast?
 Radio Shack and Panasonic make a clock/radio/cassette that can 
 be set to record at a specific time.  Radio Shack also sells 120 
 minute cassettes, which can be used for 60 minutes per side.  
 The recorders are not high quality, and the long tapes are 
 fragile, but it works.

 You can buy "appliance timers" at hardware stores that will 
 start and stop an appliance at a specific time.  Radio Shack 
 sells fancier versions of the same thing for more money. Gadget 
 freaks love "X-10" control systems.  These can be configured to 
 do the same thing.  All require a recorder that can be left in 
 RECORD mode.  Such recorders are identified by a "TIMER" switch 
 on the front panel.  Many cassette decks have a TIMER switch for 
 use with timers.

 Memorex sells a "CP-8 Universal Remote" with a built-in timer.  
 Available for approximately $90.00 from either:
  Crutchfield
  1 Crutchfield Park
  Charlottesville VA  22906 USA
  800-955-3000 or 804-973-1811
   or
  J&R Music World
  59-50 Queens-Midtown Expressway
  Maspeth NY 11378-9896 USA
  800-221-8180 or 718-417-3737

 This can be set to start a recorder at a particular time.  As 
 the recorder will be started from a remote control rather than 
 by the power line voltage, no timer switch is required. Radio 
 Shack has a very similar product available for $99.95, may be 
 less on sale.

 Damark also sells a learning remote with a built in on/off
 timer and sleep timer. It can learn 17 commands per device on a
 total of 5 devices and should be great for taping a few shows.
 They also sell a 8 device remote with timer.  As Damark sells
 close-outs, these items may not be available in the future.
  Damark
  7101 Winnetka Avenue North
  PO Box 29900
  Minneapolis MN  55429-0900 USA
  800-729-9000 or 612-531-0066

 Use a VCR for audio-only recording.  Hook the audio in to the 
 output of a radio, tuner, or receiver.  You may also have to 
 connect some video signal to the VCR so that the sync circuits 
 work correctly.

14.16 Will CrO2 or Metal tapes damage a deck made for normal tape?
 No.  They will work fine.  They are no more abrasive than common
 tape and may actually be less abrasive than very cheap tapes.
 Recorders which are designed for CrO2 or Metal tape have 
 different bias settings and equalization settings to take best 
 advantage of the greater headroom and to give flat response with 
 these different types of tape.  However, they use similar if not 
 identical heads as less expensive tape recorders.  Almost all 
 tapes are in some way lubricated, and these lubricants minimize 
 wear and squeaking.

14.17 Why do my old tapes squeak in my car cassette deck?
 One problem that will cause this is "binder ooze".  The binder
 is the glue which holds the oxide particles to the backing.
 With time, this binder can ooze forward and actually get past
 the oxide particles, so that there is sticky stuff on the
 surface of the tape.  When this sticky stuff goes past the
 heads, it can cause a slight stick, which will sound like a
 squeak.  You won't feel it with your fingers, but it is there.
 If you have a prized tape with this problem, consider baking
 the tape in a home oven at a very low temperature, like 150F.
 This might cure the problem by drying out the binder.

14.18 Is VHS Hi-Fi sound perfect?  Is Beta Hi-Fi sound perfect?
 The HiFi recording format is subject to two different problems:  
 Head-switching noise and compression errors.

 To get perfect reproduction, the FM subcarrier waveform being 
 played back by one audio head must perfectly match the waveform 
 from the other head at the point of head switching if a glitch 
 is to be avoided.  If you record and then play the tape on the 
 same VCR under exactly the same conditions, you have a 
 reasonable chance of this working.  But if the tape stretches 
 just a bit, or you play it on another VCR whose heads are not in 
 exactly the same position, or the tracking is off, the waveforms 
 will no longer match exactly, and you will get a glitch in the 
 recovered waveform every time the heads switch.  This sounds 
 like a 60 Hz buzz in the audio, which is often audible through 
 headphones even if not through speakers.

 The same glitch will occur in the video waveform too, but since 
 head switching always happens during vertical retrace, you won't 
 see it.

 The wonderful signal to noise ratio of VHS HiFi is achieved 
 through the use of compression before recording and expansion 
 after playback.  The actual signal to noise ratio of the tape 
 itself is about 35 dB and a 2.5:1 compressor is used to 
 "squeeze" things to fit.  Like all companders, this produces 
 audible errors at certain places on certain signals, such as 
 noise "tails" immediately after the end of particularly loud 
 passages.  

 Worse, compressors often have problems simply getting levels 
 right.  That is, if you record a series of tones, starting at 
 -90 dB and working up in 1 dB increments to 0 dB, and then play 
 them back, you will almost invariably have level errors.  The 
 trend from soft to loud will be there but the steps won't be 
 accurate.  Two or three of your tones might come out at 
 essentially the same level, then the next one takes a big jump 
 to catch up or even overshoot.

 For music, the result will be that the relative levels of some
 instruments, passages, etc. will not be accurate.

 This doesn't matter as much for movies, which tend to have 
 steady volume level.  Also, movie enjoyment is rarely hurt by 
 these level errors.  VHS and Beta HiFi is fine for reproduction 
 of movie and tv soundtracks.  They are also perfectly fine for 
 non-critical audio applications.  But VHS and Beta HiFi are not 
 serious competitors to DAT, CD, open-reel analog tape, or even a 
 high quality cassette deck. 

14.19 How do HiFi VCRs compare to cassette recorders?  DAT recorders? 
 VHS HiFi and Beta HiFi are analog recording formats which use
 modulation techniques to record a video signal and a stereo 
 audio signal on a videocassette.  The audio capabilities 
 typically surpass that of the "linear" audio tracks found on all 
 video recorders, thus the "HiFi" designation.  "HiFi" is 
 essential for getting good sound quality on your video 
 recordings and out of pre-recorded videos.

 HiFi is also touted as an excellent audio recorder for 
 audio-only (no picture) applications.  On paper, the 
 specifications are typically superior to analog cassette but 
 inferior to DAT.  In reality, the quality of HiFi video 
 recorders is better than low quality cassette recorders but not 
 as good as high quality cassette recorders when they are used 
 with noise reduction systems.  In no case can a HiFi video 
 recorder compare to DAT.  It suffers from generational loss and 
 audible noise.
 
 Many people use VHS HiFi for recording radio broadcasts, since
 VCRs often have built-in timers and can record for up to 9 
 hours.  If you use a HiFi video recorder to record from an 
 audio-only source, beware that some decks will not function 
 properly without a video signal for synchronization.  If you are
 interested in very good quality sound, use a deck with manual 
 level control.  

14.20 What is the difference between VHS HiFi and Beta HiFi?
 VHS HiFi uses "depth modulation"; Beta HiFi uses "frequency 
 modulation".

14.21 Is there any good reason to buy a HiFi VCR for common TV shows?
 If you do not own a stereo TV, the purchase of a HiFi VCR will 
 give you the capability to listen to stereo TV broadcasts to 
 your system.

14.22 What is the best cassette tape?
 One simple answer to this question is that the best tape is the
 tape which was used to align your tape recorder.  A second
 simple answer is that more expensive tapes are frequently
 better in terms of quality of the backing, durability of the
 oxide, accuracy of the shell and guides, and life.

 Background: When you make a tape recorder, you build electronic
 circuits which have specific, non-flat frequency response.  
 These circuits correct for the non-flat response of the tape 
 heads, the recording process, and the tape.  These circuits can 
 be adjusted after the recorder is made, but adjustment is 
 tricky, and may or may not be successful with every tape made.  
 The designer of the tape recorder picked one tape as their 
 standard when they did the design, and built that recorder 
 to work well with that particular tape.  It may work better 
 with a different tape, but it won't necessarily sound the
 best with what one person calls the best sounding tape.

 From a review of frequently given answers to this question,
 it is obvious that almost every brand of tape has its advocates.
 Many brands also have their detractors.  Maxell and TDK tend to
 have a strong following, but that is in part because they own a
 large share of the US tape distribution market.

14.23 What is the best Reel-to-Reel tape?
 See 14.22.  Just as cassette tape recorders are set up
 specifically for one type of tape, reel-to-reel tape recorders
 are equalized and biased so that they are best with one specific
 brand and model of tape.  Just as more expensive cassette tapes
 will last longer and have less noise than cheaper ones, you can 
 expect fewer dropouts, better quality control, and lower noise
 from more expensive reel-to-reel tapes.

 The major brands in reel-to-reel tape include Ampex, Scotch
 (3M), AGFA/BASF, and Maxell.

14.24 What is Type I, Type II, Type III, and Type IV cassette tape?

15.0 Mail Order
 Mail order is appealing.  The general hope is that by using mail 
 order, you avoid pushy sales people, you pay fixed, discounted 
 prices, and you have written catalog descriptions to help you 
 select your purchase.  In practice, most mail order today is 
 "phone order", in that the company completes the deal with a 
 phone call.  Many of the "mail order" companies don't even have 
 price lists or catalogs.  They are just retailers that are 
 willing to sell over the phone and ship the merchandise to 
 you.  In some cases, retail store sales are better deals than 
 mail order.  Don't expect the lowest price from the first place 
 you call.  Also, don't expect excellent service from everyone, 
 and especially not from the company with the lowest price.

15.1 Who sells brand XXX equipment mail-order?
 Consult the frequent rec.audio mail-order survey published by
 nau@SSESCO.com (William R. Nau) or contact William Nau directly.
 This survey is also available via FTP in the pub/rec.audio 
 directory of SSESCO.com.  If you have any mail order
 experiences to share, please send them directly to William Nau.

15.2 Is the stuff sold by DAK really awesome?  Damark?
 DAK buys in large quantities.  They buy what they think 
 they can sell.  They buy close-outs as well as new first-line 
 merchandise.  They honestly represent their merchandise with 
 specifications.  They offer more information on their product, 
 if possible, on the phone through their toll free number.  
 I know of many people who have bought from DAK and been 
 happy. I personally have bought from DAK and been happy.

 Regarding Damark, opinions of people on the net are similar.
 The products are as described, they deliver what they 
 say they will, and will take back or replace unsatisfactory 
 merchandise.  I have not heard any unsatisfied Damark customers.

 On the other side, the catalog writers at DAK use some very 
 flowery language which is intended to lead you to believe 
 that they are selling gold for copper prices. In this sense, 
 the words in their catalog may be deceptive.

 The DAK people have a good sense of "what the market will bear".  
 They price their products to sell, but not to give away money.  
 Mail order prices tend to be 10% to 20% less than discount, 
 which is 10% to 20% less than retail. DAK has to compete with 
 other mail order dealers, such as Damark, but they send out SO 
 MANY CATALOGS that they really don't have to cut prices too far 
 to sell.

 DAK has recently gone through hard financial times.  This puts
 buyers in some slight risk, because if they go out of business,
 you may get easy warranty service on their products.  I say 
 easy because most DAK products are covered by a manufacturer's 
 warranty, and you can often get service from the manufacturer 
 as well as from DAK.  I believe that DAK is over their slump, 
 but I am not sure.  For more on warranties, see 19.1, below.

15.3 Is the stuff sold by Cambridge Sound Works really awesome?

15.4 What should I watch out for when buying mail order?
 Many of the cautions mentioned in warranties (19.1) apply. 
 Look for a store which has been around a long time. Look for 
 friends which have dealt with the store and been satisfied.  
 Look for a store which does not lie or stretch the truth.

15.5 What is gray market?
 See warranties (19.1), below.

15.6 Are there any good mail-order sources for recordings?
 Noteworthy has a good reputation among net readers as a supplier 
 of CDs.  They have a range of discs available centered firmly on 
 the mainstream, and are reasonable in price.  Shipping is $3.75 
 for 1-5 CDs.  They offer over 14,000 different CD titles.  Their 
 offerings are all from US labels.  They give a free catalog and 
 also have modem software and catalog on floppy discs for $9.95.
  Noteworthy Music, Inc
  17 Airport Road
  Nashua NH  03063 USA
  800-648-7972 Voice
  603-881-5729 Voice
  603-883-9220 FAX
 
 BMG and Columbia also sell CDs mail-order, but have a smaller 
 list of offerings and higher prices. However, BMG and Columbia 
 have interesting deals to entice new customers.  Read the fine 
 print before you sign to be sure that they are right for you.
 BMG and Columbia both have promotional offerings to "members"
 which allow you to buy two or three discs for the price 
 of one.  These can be very good deals, if you want what they 
 have.  Look at their advertisements in common magazines and 
 Sunday newspapers for a better idea of what they carry.  They 
 list much of their line in their ad.  Don't expect much more.
 
 Bose Express also sells CDs.  Their reputation so far is very
 knowledgeable people, a large collection, and high prices.  
 Their catalog costs $6.00.
  Bose Express Music 
  The Mountain
  Framingham MA  01701 USA
  800-451-2673 or 508-879-1916 Ext. 2008

 Tower Records has a mail order department which also sells CDs.
 Their classical catalog costs $13.45.  Their other catalog costs
 $10.45.  Tower is a large retail chain.  Many have bought from
 their retail outlets happily, but no one has expressed any
 comments on their mail order service yet.  Contact:
  Tower Records Mail Order Department
  692 Broadway 
  New York City, NY 10012  USA
  800-648-4844 or 800-522-5445

 Another source is Music New Hampshire; 800-234-8458.  They sell
 many $3.79 post-paid sampler CDs and also many independent label
 single-artist discs.  Most single artist discs are $15.00 each.
 Shipping is $3 for 1-3 discs and $5 for 4-up.  Their stuff is
 mostly obscure artists.  They have Rock, Jazz, Classical, Folk,
 Country, and Children's offerings.  Affiliated with CD Review.
  Music New Hampshire - Wayne Green Inc
  70 Route 202N
  Peterborough NH  03458-1107 USA

 If you like the idea of buying CDs by Modem, consider
  The Compact Disc Connection
  1016 East El Camino #322
  Sunnyvale CA  94087 USA
  Voice 408-733-0801
  Modem 212-532-4045 New York City NY
   312-477-3518 Chicago IL
   408-730-9015 Sunnyvale CA
   510-843-1259 Berkeley CA
 They have a collection of over 58,000 CD titles.  People have
 said that their service is excellent.  Prices are fairly good.
 Shipping is $3.50 for orders under $100.00 and free for larger
 orders.  They do not stock anything, but deliver from the
 warehouses of their suppliers.  This means that some items may
 be back ordered or completely discontinued while remaining in
 their on-line data base.  They advertise 94.2% of orders in
 1992 shipped, though not necessarily immediately.  If you have
 a modem and enjoy browsing a data base, their data base is a
 a very enjoyable experience.  However, the phone bill can be 
 quite prohibitive to those calling from out-of-town.

 There have been a couple of music (cd/lp) mail-order lists
 compiled on the net - one older list can be found via anonymous
 ftp to ftp.uwp.edu in the file: /pub/music/misc.mailorder.rmm
 Someone is revising this file and it should be updated or found 
 in a new file name there in the future.

 Another list contains vendors that specialize in progressive 
 rock, electronic and experimental music, is maintained by
 Malcolm Humes and posted sporadically to alt.music.progressive,
 rec.music.misc, & rec.music.info.  This also can be ftp'd from
 ft.uwp.edu, in the file: /pub/music/misc/mailorder.progressive

 Federal Music and Video markets "Discount Coupon Books" 
 featuring two-for-one CDs and Tape deals.  They require payment
 with the order, which many consider risky.  One company that
 distributes these coupon books for Federal Music is Reed Music.
 The price from Federal or Reed Music with the two-for-one deal
 is comparable to the price from Noteworthy.  So far, no net 
 user has yet related any positive or negative experience with
 Reed Music or Federal Music and Video.  Federal Music and Video
 has been in business since 1985, so is probably legit. However,
 in that they require payment in advance it is probably safer to
 avoid them completely and use a discounter like Noteworthy.

 When considering mail purchases of CDs, consider shipping costs.
 It is common for people to charge between $1 and $3 per disk for
 "shipping and handling".  This makes mail order less attractive,
 but may be equally balanced by a lack of sales tax.
-- 
Bob Neidorff; Unitrode I. C. Corp.  |  Internet: neidorff@uicc.com
7 Continental Blvd.                 |  Voice   : (US) 603-424-2410
Merrimack, NH  03054-0399 USA       |  FAX     : (US) 603-424-3460
Archive-name: AudioFAQ/part4
Last-modified: 1993/6/4
Version: 1.5

