BOB BRODIE STOPS

Newsgroups: comp.sys.atari.st,comp.sys.atari.st.tech,rec.games.video.atari
Subject: Bob Brodie Resigns from Atari Corp.
Date: 24 May 1994 03:20:52 -0700
Organization: Teleport - Portland's Public Access (503) 220-1016

Following is a message from Bob Brodie posted on GEnie:

Atari ST RoundTable
Category 14,  Topic 24
Message 1         Mon May 23, 1994
BOB-BRODIE [Atari Corp.]     at 17:51 EDT
 
Dear Friends,

For some time now, I have felt that I needed to spend more time with my
family.  I have been presented an opportunity that will not only allow me to
work at home two to three days a week, but also includes a significant pay
increase.  I cannot in good conscience to my family refuse this opportunity. 
It is with great regret that I have  sumbmitted my resignation effective June
3, 1994.

For almost five years now, my job at Atari has had a very high priority in my
life.  During that time frame, my two sons have begun to turn in to men, and
my little girl into a teenager.  My sons have been a real handful the past two
years in particular, and my being around them has had a very positive effect
on them.

Even though there have been, from time to time, other job offers, my
preference has been to remain with Atari.  I believe in our products, and they
are my personal choice as a consumer as well.  If my personal circumstances
did not require me to be at home more often, I would gladly remain with the
company.  It's not often that someone has an opportunity to turn their hobby
into their job.  I am thankful that Atari allowed me to do just that!!

I am grateful for the opportunity to serve Atari, and the Tramiel family.  I
have enjoyed my time at Atari, and have gained invaluable experience.  I wish
the company great success with all of it's products!!  If fate should bring
our paths together again, I would welcome the opportunity to work with Atari
again.  It has been a privilege to serve you.

My thanks go out to all of you ( and there are far too many to  mention here!)
that have been such a special part of my life.  I have  made friendships with
people via GEnie that I expect to be a part of the rest of my days!!

Sincerely,

Bob Brodie


-- 
 |        Steve Johnson          | "People will always be tempted to wipe |
 | Email: steve-j@genie.geis.com |  their feet on anything with 'Welcome' |
 |    or  steve-j@teleport.com   |  written on it."    -- Andy Partridge  |


