CD-ROM AND ATARI...

By KGE

Years ago Atari came up with the idea of connecting a CD-Player to a 
computer. They made a CD-Player (CDAR 504) with a port which could be 
connected directly to the DMA port of the ST. Problem in those days was 
that there was no software available on CD yet. A few test CD's were made 
an that was it. The whole idea just silently faded away.. 
But in the last few months CD-ROM has rocketed off again but not on Atari, 
no on Commodore and DOS computers (also on Sega Mega CD and of course the 
Atari Jaguar) And they all think THEY invented the wheel...
CD's for DOS and Amiga are available at the thousands already, and we 
Atarians are left in the cold.

What benefit can we get from a (DOS) CD-ROM ?

First of all the amount of data on a CD-ROM disc is huge (more than 600 
Mbyte!) For PC and Amiga you can buy shareware discs by the dozen. But 
there are also discs which contain mainly data. For example the CD 'Music 
Box 1994' contains 690 MOD files and 560 VOC files. The MOD files are very 
well known by us all, the VOC files are in fact just samples which can be 
read by Atari System Sound Manager 'SAM' and although the program says 
'unrecognized format' you can load them anyway. With most of these VOC 
files you have to toggle the sign otherwise the sound is very (very!) 
distorted on playback...

There are also lot's of CD's with collections of clipart to be used in DTP 
programs. The disc 'DTP-Grafiken' which is made by Werbedesign Schutz in 
Germany contains lot's of crisp black & white images in various formats. 
This disc is also usable on MS-DOS machines although the supplied fonts 
which are also on the disc, are only for Atari.

On most of the shareware discs for MS-DOS you can find lot's of GIF, PCX, 
TIF, BMP picture files which are also familiar on the Atari. Programs like 
Papillon, PixArt, GemView etc. can read in these formats and convert them 
to Degas and other formats.

There are a few Atari specific CD-ROM discs available, but you have to 
search hard to find them. In the USA there is a disc called 'Gemini' which 
contains shareware programs and picture files and lots of other stuff all 
specially for Atari ST/STE/TT/Falcon.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

How can you connect a CD-ROM disc player to your Atari ?

So far the only way to connect a CD-ROM player is through a SCSI port, the 
Falcon and TT have them standard, all other Atari computers like ST and STE 
need a adapter from the ACSI (DMA) port to a SCSI port. The biggest problem 
is with ST and STE computers is that the Atari Metados drivers currently 
can not handle SCSI drives on the DMA port. Other driver manufacturers like 
Hard & Soft Computerzubehor GmbH have already written drivers that do work.

TT users can take a standard Macintosh SCSI cable (25 pin D connector to 50 
pin Centronics connector). You can buy them at an Apple computer shop but 
then you'll have to pay a lot! I bought a suitable cable on an Atari fair 
for about about Fl. 25,- Dutch guilders (is about $ 12)

Falcon users need a SCSI-II cable which is sadly quite a lot more expensive 
(and hard to get) prices vary from Fl. 75,- to Fl. 150,- ($35 to $80)

As for the drives you can choose any SCSI CD-ROM drive which is able to 
read the ISO9660 Compact Disc's.

Apple produces several drives for the Macintosh which can be used directly 
on the TT and Falcon. (for example the CD150, CD300 and PowerCD)

Kodak offers a Photo-CD player which has a SCSI connector and this is also 
'connectable' to the TT and Falcon. (in fact this is a Philips Photo-CD 
player) 
 
NEC produces several drives with SCSI interfaces one of them is the NEC210 
(also know as the NEC55j?) which I'm using at this time.

The Apple and Kodak players are 'plug and play' types that is, they are 
external CD-ROM drives. The NEC210 drive is an internal drive which came 
along with a SCSI card for PC. For this drive you have to get a power 
supply and a case. I built my NEC210 in a Tandy floppy drive case and that 
looks just fine. Power supply is by an ancient Apple II switch mode supply 
which was just gathering dust...

The Kodak and CD150 from Apple are single speed drives, they deliver 150 
kbytes per second into the SCSI port, the Kodak drive is (of course) 
Photo-CD compatible and multisession (it can read discs on which 
information can be added later, for example Photo-CD's or CDR's)

The Apple CD150 can read only ISO9660 discs and plays Audio discs as well.

The Apple CD300, PowerCD and the NEC210 are double speed drives (300kbytes 
per second) These drives can handle most of the new MultiMedia discs 
(Photo-CD, ISO9660, CDI, Audio etc)

 
