COMPACT DISK 1

The following is part 1 of a nice intro to CD technology written
by Andy Poggio in 1988.  It appears here in its original form.

CD Summary Introduction

As requested by many people, I will post this CD Summary over the next 
several days in five parts of which this is the first.  I received 
requests from rec.audio, comp.ivideodisc, and comp.graphics -- so I will 
post it to all these groups.  I'm not sure that it is appropriate for 
comp.graphics but I DID receive multiple requests to post it there.

The summary is somewhat technical but more important it is factual: I 
wrote it after reading the original CD standards documents available from 
Sony or Philips to CD licensees.  If you are interested in the standards 
documents, you need to contact them directly -- sorry, I don't have a 
specific contact or phone number.

I do work for Apple but this summary contains a minimum of Apple 
references.  I hope everyone agrees that the result is in keeping with net 
policy on the matter.

--andy

CD Summary Part 1

CD-ROM Technical Summary
>From Plastic Pits to "Fantasia"


                                               Andy Poggio
                                               March, 1988


Abstract

This summary describes how information is encoded on Compact Disc (CD) 
beginning with the physical pits and going up through higher levels of 
data encoding to the structured multimedia information that is possible 
with programs like HyperCard.  This discussion is much broader than any 
single standards document, e.g. the CD-Audio Red Book, while omitting much 
of the detail needed only by drive manufacturers.

Salient Characteristics

1.  High information density -- With the density achievable using optical 
encoding, the CD can contain some 540 megabytes of data on a disc less 
than five inches in diameter.

2.  Low unit cost -- Because CDs are manufactured by a well-developed 
process similar to that used to stamp out LP records, unit cost in large 
quantities is less than two dollars.

3.  Read only medium -- CD-ROM is read only; it cannot be written on or 
erased.  It is an electronic publishing, distribution, and access medium; 
it cannot replace magnetic disks.

4.  Modest random access performance -- Due to optical read head mass and 
data encoding methods, random access ("seek time") performance of CD is 
better than floppies but not as good as magnetic hard disks.

5.  Robust, removable medium -- The CD itself is comprised mostly of, and 
completely coated by, durable plastic.  This fact and the data encoding 
method allow the CD to be resistant to scratches and other handling 
damage.  Media lifetime is expected to be long, well beyond that of 
magnetic media such as tape.  In addition, the optical servo scanning 
mechanism allows CDs to be removed from their drives.

6.  Multimedia storage -- Because all CD data is stored digitally, it is 
inherently multimedia in that it can store text, images, graphics, sound, 
and any other information expressed in digital form.  Its only limit in 
this area is the rate at which data can be read from the disc, currently 
about 150 KBytes/second.  This is sufficient for all but uncompressed, 
full motion color video.


CD  Data  Hierarchy

Storing data on a CD may be thought of as occurring through a data 
encoding hierarchy with each level built upon the previous one.  At the 
lowest level, data is physically stored as pits on the disc.  It is 
actually encoded by several low-level mechanisms to provide high storage 
density and reliable data recovery.  At the next level, it organized into 
tracks which may be digital audio or CD-ROM.  The High Sierra 
specification then defines a file system built on CD-ROM tracks.  Finally, 
applications like HyperCard specify a content format for files.

The Physical Medium

The Compact Disc itself is a thin plastic disk some 12 cm. in diameter.  
Information is encoded in a plastic-encased spiral track contained on the 
top of the disk.  The spiral track is read optically by a noncontact head 
which scans approximately radially as the disk spins just above it.  The 
spiral is scanned at a constant linear velocity thus assuring a constant 
data rate.  This requires the disc to rotate at a decreasing rate as the 
spiral is scanned from its beginning near the center of the disc to its 
end near the disc circumference.

The spiral track contains shallow depressions, called pits, in a 
reflective layer.  Binary information is encoded by the lengths of these 
pits and the lengths of the areas between them, called land.  During 
reading, a low power laser beam from the optical head is focused on the 
spiral layer and is reflected back into the head.  Due to the optical 
characteristics of the plastic disc and  the wavelength of light used, the 
quantity of reflected light varies depending on whether the beam is on 
land or on a pit.  The modulated, reflected light is converted to a radio 
frequency, raw data signal by a photodetector in the optical head.

Low-level Data Encoding

To ensure accurate recovery, the disc data must be encoded to optimize the 
analog-to-digital conversion process that  the radio frequency signal must 
undergo.  Goals of the low level data encoding include:

1.  High information density.  This requires encoding that makes the best 
possible use of the high, but limited, resolution of the laser beam and 
read head optics.

2.  Minimum intersymbol interference.  This requires making the minimum 
run length, i.e. the minimum number of consecutive zero bits or one bits, 
as large as possible.

3.  Self-clocking.  To avoid a separate timing track, the data should be 
encoded so as to allow the clock signal to be regenerated from the data 
signal.  This requires limiting the maximum run length of the data so that 
data transitions will regenerate the clock.  

4.  Low digital sum value (the number of one bits minus the number of zero 
bits).  This minimizes the low frequency and DC content of the data signal 
which permits optimal servo system operation.

A straightforward encoding would be to simply to encode zero bits as land 
and one bits as pits.  However, this does not meet goal (1) as well as the 
encoding scheme actually used.  The current CD scheme encodes one bits as 
transitions from pit to land or land to pit and zero bits as constant pit 
or constant land.

To meet goals (2) to (4), it is not possible to encode arbitrary binary 
data.  For example, the integer 0 expressed as thirty-two bits of zero 
would have too long a run length to satisfy goal (3).  To accommodate 
these goals, each eight-bit byte of actual data is encoded as fourteen 
bits of channel data.  There are many more combinations of fourteen bits 
(16,384) than there are of eight bits (256).  To encode the eight-bit 
combinations, 256 combinations of fourteen bits are chosen that meet the 
goals.  This encoding is referred to as Eight-to-Fourteen Modulation (EFM) 
coding.

If fourteen channel bits were concatenated with another set of fourteen 
channel bits, once again the above goals may not be met.  To avoid this 
possibility, three merging bits are included between each set of fourteen 
channel bits.  These merging bits carry no information but are chosen to 
limit run length, keep data signal DC content low, etc.  Thus, an eight 
bit byte of actual data is encoded into a total of seventeen channel bits: 
 fourteen EFM bits and three merging bits.

To achieve a reliable self-clocking system, periodic synchronization is 
necessary.  Thus, data is broken up into individual frames each beginning 
with a synchronization pattern.  Each frame also contains twenty-four data 
bytes, eight error correction bytes, a control and display byte (carrying 
the subcoding channels), and merging bits separating them all.  Each frame 
is arranged as follows:

Sync Pattern24 + 3channel bits
Control and Display byte14 + 3
Data bytes12 * (14 + 3)
Error Correction bytes 4 * (14 + 3)
Data bytes12 * (14 + 3)
Error Correction bytes 4 * (14 + 3)

TOTAL588channel bits

Thus, 192 actual data bits (24 bytes) are encoded as 588 channel bits.

Editorial:  A CD physically has a single spiral track about 3 miles long.  
CDs spin at about 500 RPM when reading near the center down to about 250 
RPM when reading near the circumference.

Disc with a 'c' or disk with a 'k'?  A usage has emerged for these terms:  
disk is used for eraseable disks (e.g. magnetic disks) while disc is used 
for read-only (e.g. CD-ROM discs).  One would presumably call a frisbee a 
disc.


First Level Error Correction

Data errors can arise from production defects in the disk itself, defects 
arising from subsequent damage to the disk, or jarring during reading.  A 
significant characteristic of  these errors is that they often occur in 
long bursts.  This could be due, for example, to a relatively wide mark on 
the disc that is opaque to the laser beam used to read the disc.  A system 
with two logical components called the Cross Interleave Reed-Solomon 
Coding (CIRC) is employed for error correction.  The cross interleave 
component breaks up the long error bursts into many short errors; the 
Reed-Solomon component provides the error correction.

As each frame is read from the disc, it is first decoded from fourteen 
channel bits (the three merging bits are ignored) into eight-bit data 
bytes.  Then, the bytes from each frame (twenty-four data bytes and eight 
error correction bytes) are passed to the first Reed-Solomon decoder which 
uses four of the error correction bytes and is able to correct one byte in 
error out of the 32.  If there are no uncorrectable errors, the data is 
simply passed along.  If there are errors, the data is marked as being in 
error at this stage of decoding.

The twenty-four data bytes and four remaining error correction bytes are 
then passed through unequal delays before going through another 
Reed-Solomon decoder.  These unequal delays result in an interleaving of 
the data that spreads long error bursts among many different passes 
through the second decoder.  The delays are such that error bursts up to 
450 bytes long can be completely corrected.  The second Reed-Solomon 
decoder uses the last four error correction bytes to correct any remaining 
errors in the twenty-four data bytes.  At this point, the data goes 
through a de-interleaving process to restore the correct byte order.

Subcoding Channels and Blocks

The eight-bit control and display byte in each frame carries the subcoding 
channels.  A subcoding block consists of 98 subcoding bytes, and thus 98 
of the 588-bit frames.  A block then can contain 2352 bytes of data.  
Seventy-five blocks are read each second.  With this information, it is 
now straightforward to calculate that the CD data rate is in fact correct 
for CD digital audio (CD-DA):

Required CD digital audio data rate:  44.1 K samples per second * 16 bits 
per sample * 2 channels = 1,411,200 bits/sec.

CD data rate:  8 bits per byte * 24 bytes per frame * 98 frames per 
subcoding block * 75 subcoding blocks per second = 1,411,200 bits/sec.

The eight subcoding channels are labeled P through W and are encoded one 
bit for each channel in a control and display byte.  Channel P is used as 
a simple music track separator.  Channel Q is used for control purposes 
and encodes information like track number, track type, and location 
(minute, second, and frame number).  During the lead-in track of the disc, 
channel Q encodes a table of contents for the disk giving track number and 
starting location.  Standards have been proposed that would use the 
remaining channels for line graphics and ASCII character strings, but 
these are seldom used.

Track Types

Tracks can have two types as specified in the control bit field of 
subchannel Q.  The first type is CD digital audio (CD-DA) tracks.  The 
two-channel audio is sampled at 44.1 Khz with sixteen bit linear sampling 
encoded as twos complement numbers.  The sixteen bit samples are separated 
into two eight-bit bytes; the bytes from each channel alternate on the 
disc.   Variations for audio tracks include pre-emphasis and four track 
recording.

The other type of track specified by the subchannel Q control bit field is 
the data track.  These must conform to the CD-ROM standard described 
below.  In general, a disc can have a mix of CD digital audio tracks and a 
CD-ROM track, but the CD-ROM track must come first.

Editorial:  This first level error correction (the only type used for CD 
Audio data) is extremely powerful.  The CD specification allows for discs 
to have up to 220 raw errors per second.  Every one of these errors is 
(almost always) perfectly corrected by the CIRC scheme for a net error 
rate of zero.  For example, our tests using Apple's CD-ROM drive (which 
also plays audio) show that raw error rates are around 50-100 per second 
these days.  Of course, these are perfectly corrected, meaning that the 
original data is perfectly recovered.  We have tested flawed discs with 
raw rates up to 300 per second.  Net errors on all of these discs?  Zero!  
I would expect a typical audio CD player to perform similarly.  Thus I 
expect this raw error rate to have no audible consequences.

So why did I say "almost always" corrected above?  Because a sufficiently 
bad flaw may produce uncorrectable errors.  These very unusual errors are 
"concealed" by the player rather than corrected.  Note that this 
concealment is likely to be less noticeable than even a single scratch on 
an LP.  Such a flaw might be a really opaque finger smudge; CDs do merit 
careful handling.  On the two (and only two) occasions I have found these, 
I simply sprayed on a little Windex glass cleaner and wiped it off using 
radial strokes.  This restored the CDs to zero net errors.

One can argue about the quality of the process of conversion of analog 
music to and from digital representation, but in the digital domain CDs 
are really very, very good.

