ABOUT D.B.A.


        ~BIG_LOGO.BL2~







                    ABOUT THE DISK BUSTERS ASSOCIATION,

The D.B.A. is a demo/magazine crew from the Netherlands.
We have made some little demo's like the Batman Demo Classic and the
Just Fun G.F.A. demo part A.
The biggest contribution to the Atari ST " scene " are the popular D.B.A.
magazine's, which we are going to produce as long as we can.

We can't make all these productions on our own and that's why we have
help from other ( wellknown ) groups and people from the ST scene.
Especially the magazine takes a great part of our ( spare ) time, we can
not fill the magazine totally on our own.
To fill the magazine we have a magazine team that work on every issue, this
team consist's out of people that support us with writing articles for us.

Now first a roundup of the D.B.A. members,

Slimer    ( Main Editor, Articles, Graphics, PR 'n more )
Bonus     ( G.F.A.  Coding, Graphics, Co-Editor, Articles and more.....)
K.G.E.    ( A.S.M. & G.F.A. Coding ) 
O.T.M.    ( Additional G.F.A. and A.S.M. Coding and Articles )
Sonic     ( Chip and Module Music and Articles )

The rest of the magazine team ( no official D.B.A. members ),

Sandman of Animal Mine (ex)                  ( Articles and Pictures  )

With contributions from,


T.A.B.
J.M.S. of Animal Mine (ex)
Jade of Milk
O.B. of Antomica

There are also many other people/crews that have sent us their stuff.
I'll hope that some of you will join the D.B.A. magazine team and will
help us stay ( one of ) the best diskmagazine(s) on the Atari ST(e) and
Falcon !

People who would like to join our magazine team are welcome to do so.
We expect from any new team member that he/she will send us articles for
every issue of the magazine to come.
I'll hope you do this and will help us with our important work on the ST(E) 
and Falcon.
Through this magazine we try to keep the scene alive and kicking.

                     The D.B.A. Magazine Team.

