MONITORS

                    -<[({ Falcon Video Subsystems })]>- 
 
Bwuuaahh, boring. Some stupid article on monitors. But this is one with a 
difference: I won't bore you with exact technical details of thousands of 
different monitors, I will just try to make clear what is really important 
for your demands. 
 
 
FIRST CHOICE: RGB OR VGA? 
------------------------- 
If you only play games and watch demos, you could settle for a RGB monitor 
or a high-quality TV set with SCART interface. Always try a screen before 
you buy it (I've seen people buying a twice as cheap TV as they intended to 
because it had a much clearer display). Don't look at the brand on the box, 
but make sure the display tube is from a good brand (e.g. SONY, PHILIPS or 
NOKIA) and beware of the dirt cheap manufacturers like GoldStar and so on. 
Also make sure you get a 'full' SCART interface (with separate Red, Green 
and Blue), or at least make sure you can trade the screen in if it doesn't 
sport this. 
 
If you use your Falcon professionally (or at least pretend to do so) do not 
settle for anything less than a VGA monitor minimally. 
 
 
WHAT TYPE OF VGA? 
----------------- 
Most people think that VGA is VGA. They do not realise that there are 
several types of displays which are all called ???-VGA, which all differ. 
I'll discuss the most important ones here. 
 
-> Fixed frequency (PS/2) VGA 
This standard was invented by IBM way back in the eighties. At the time, 
640 by 480 by 256 (w*h*c) was very innovative, and IBM was one of the first 
to re-use the analogue techniques which were abandoned before in EGA and 
CGA. In order to make the screen payable, IBM decided to give the screen a 
fixed frequency (31.5 kHz) for highres and lowres. When VGA was born, 
things like adjustable video hardware didn't exist and therefore there 
simply was no need for more frequencies. There is, however, one slight 
problem with this technique. After using one of these monitors for a while, 
the screen tends to get distorted (the pincushion effect) and this looks 
real silly (look at an office where computers were introduced about 7 years 
ago, you'll understand what I mean). Today, this type of monitor is only 
produced in the Far East and it is meant to be cheap and nothing else. I 
would never advise you to buy one of these. Because of their fixed 
frequency, you can never go any further than 640*480 pixels. This kind of 
monitor is only advisable if you don't and won't have any money, and you 
really need the VGA resolution. Otherwise, buy an TV or a real monitor. 
 
->VESA SuperVGA normal 
This standard was invented as a expansion to the normal VGA, conceived by 
the Video Electronics Standardization Association (also known from their PC 
local bus technology). It's only improvement is a higher resolution (800 by 
600 by 256) at another fixed frequency (35 kHz). The same comment applies 
here as with the standard VGA, although the pincushion effect gets even 
worse if you manage to use the higher resolution. But as far as I know you 
can't use it on the Falcon. 
 
->Non-VESA SuperVGA highres 
About now you should start to think what isn't bad. Well, this is 
reasonable performance we're talking about. The non-VESA standard was 
introduced by the Taiwanese PC-builders who didn't want to pay a 8514 
license to IBM in order to use a highres screen display on their PC's. I 
will skip the 8514 standard (it was meant to be VGA II) because of it's 
obsolence and similarity with this standard. The *real* SuperVGA standard 
means you can display 1024 by 768 pixels *without* interlace. Most screens 
produced for this standard are multisync, but with a narrow frequency 
bandwidth. This means they can display anything from normal VGA up to 1024 
by 768. Usually this means a frequency bandwidth of about 31 kHz to 45 kHz. 
You can use a few higher resolutions with your Falcon (e.g. 800 by 600) and 
this type of screen will certainly fit for most of the tasks you'd want to 
use it for. There are just a few problems left, like for instance that most 
models in this range don't sport pincushion control or colortone. Neither 
do they have a memory system for different screensizes and adjustments 
(auto adjust).  
 
->Real Multisync 
Way back in the eighties, the Japanese firm NEC started a revolution in 
video technology by releasing the first multisync monitor. The main 
advantage of this system was that it would adjust to whatever signal you'd 
feed it. Over the years, specifications have improved immensely. There's 
just one disadvantage: the price. If you don't have, say, 1100 guilders (DM 
1000, 3300FF) to spend, the performance won't improve enough to justify the 
extra cost. You'd better buy a SuperVGA then. It's senseless to give you 
specifications now, because they differ from screen to screen. I will give 
you the specifications of my own screen, because I've never found anything 
that it won't display (except the 2048 by 1536 we fed it from a Mac at the 
local print shop). You can go for these specifications, or try the screen 
of your choice with your own Falcon and screen programs. Here goes: 
 
Tube manufacturer : Sony Electric  
Type              : Black Trinitron Hollow FlatSquare NonGlare 
Size              : 15" visual 
Control Type      : Digital, with Pincushion and memory 
Dot Pitch         : 0.26 
Refresh Rate      : 50 to 110 Hz 
Horizontal Freq.  : 28 to 72 kHz 
Video Bandwidth   : 87 mHz 
 
I don't think you'd need much more, except for size maybe. But you could 
settle for less, because things like colortone control are just for very 
critical purposes, not likely to be used by the 'normal' user. 
 
If you've got any questions, remarks or Pinkeltje stories, you *could* 
write to: 
Havoc / Giants 
Ravenstraat 4 
6909 DV Babberich 
The Netherlands 
 
But then again, you could also forget about it. 
