REAL-TIME 1

This is the realtime article that was created at the Freid Bits II party
in Bremen, Germany.
It was held from 1 till the 4'th of April 1994 and there were approx.
150 people ( about 25 of them were Dutch, 1 was English and the rest were
Germans ).
The press was also on the scene (ST computer and a French magazine) and they
made some nude photo's of the whole event.
Fried Bits was mostly a Falcon event with a some additional computers like
ST(E)'s, Amiga's and a few Archimedes thingies.
It was mad ravin' fun and I think you will get a pretty good idea about
the sphere when you read this article. 

We arrived at the party building around 13:00 and after unpacking our stuff
we started off rights away with the realtime article.

---+ ReAlTiMe +---
 
13:20 This is O.T.M. opening the realtime-article again for the second 
time. The party is just getting warm, loads of people are coming in the
room. For once we are on time with the realtime-article, and we will keep
you posted. (Hopefully not, I hope the rest of the people will do that
so that we can restrict ourselves just to the edit-functions. This means no
Pinkeltje Busters Association-stories this time!!!)

13:26 O.T.M is off to do some coding on my Falcon and I(Slimer) take
      this article a bit futher in time and space.
      Most of the group have not arrived yet, so we'll sit back and relax.

15:16 Scavy's here(the synergy one..) After asking Wankleader for Maggie
      #13 he supplied me with two disks containing Demos. I wonder what
      he gets me when I ask him for a ThaiBitch.....This place is giving me
      the runs!!!!! 15:18 WWWWWHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!Manitou of PSX 
has just found      the realtime article computer. I guess I will write tons 
of bullshit      during the FBCC`94. Gnibbel Gnabbel Dupp Di Depp Diddeldi 
Duppdi.15:30 hey psxychonomix corpse grinder sitting in front of dis realtime 
      globbdobbdidobbeldiflippibipperdippelwig article machine. like 
     nils (manitou) i think i will do only sum piss-smelling stuff on 
     diz. uh ooh im so lazie...better you know me as -molle- coz 
      'corpsgrinder' sounds like heavy metal ...like BONFIRE or SKID ROW
      sounds like someone who is visiting a body building center every 
      friday and gettin simple endorphine rains by drivin fast to disco
      hearing two unlimited. No i am living on a PONYFARM loving my 
      horses. uh ohhhhh thiz party grows up now... i will wrap thiz 
      for now... Pfiffstsiffelrissehiff  
15:50 Hiya there this is Wankleader( as Scalveeger said) i just restored 
      maggie 13 from my tapestreamer it took approximately an half hour. 
      This party is getting started now there are more and more people 
      coming, we have an Dutch room created here. It is a little bit loud
      in here. Ok i will sign off now because i don't what to write here.
          15:33  mtv pops (fried of avena)16:25 Jeeaaaahhhh, Pinkeltje is 
here! If you want to remove one's mind from a       preset  idea, you will 
have to use more force than setting a lazy DBA       member on re-editing 
this text. So for all the guys who haven't noticed       the hidden message 
in this yet, I will say it even more clear (if it's       clear how can it be 
hidden?) here: Havoc and Mantra are here! Stay       tuned coz there's a lot 
more of party coming up soon... PINKELTJE       RULEZ!!!!  
 
      p.s.: what a fukken headache screen!  
 
16:30 Yo! At the moment I don`t really know what to do, where I am, who I am 
      or what will happen to me in the next three days... 
      By the way, I`m Toby, the major groupie of AVENA (I really hate 
      `em...), I don't know anything about falcons, STEs or whatever, I just 
      wanted to continue my everlasting quest for the sense of women. I 
      actually noticed when I entered this room that there is no. Woman, of 
      course. But let's see, maybe I'll get anything to know at last. I'm 
      gonna tell you... 
 
??:?? hello i`m nobody ..... 
 
16:44 okay this is Fried with a bit of time right now so i will smear your 
      mind a bit. if you have pronounced my name right you get 100 points 
      or a slip stating youare cool, plus a week at your own expense in a  
      place of my choice which does not include the additional slap in the 
      face you could be rewarded with, should you however have mispronounced 
      it you lose your balls. so now that that is done with i can safely 
      say it is not safe for me to safely say it is safe to say anything. 
      This party is something i have waited for for a few weeks now and 
      being here is a great pleasure as i get to see and hit a lot of people 
      i have not seen in a long time. that means that i will not have to  
      be as green as the big yellow guy that always sits on my head. (i 
      hate keyboards that have y and z swithched, i i didn`t know i don`t 
      do drugs i would say i felt like i had taken some cos this is  
      something like my 8. night with apx. 3 hours of sleep and all of 
      this just for your pleasure, to do the weltschmerz demo. okay, there 
      is a giant hairy disgusting violent strongly odorous playmobil 
      figure here asking me to instantly become pudding or it would get 
      somewhat angry, so i will have to continue writing a bit. living 
      is pornography. what is this thing we all look for here? why the 
      hell would so many people sit in front of computers and press little 
      keys? is this some sort of trick? oh, sorry, it is fun. isn`t it 
      weird, how you are sitting now in some little room of yours, the 
      fired bits long passed late at night, just having got 
      the new dba mag and reading this while i sit here with millions of 
      people around me screaming, the smell of sweat, beer, cigarettes etc. 
      and the sounds of the various activities around me? kliisje paa kliisje 
      is on and there are discusssions on new demos and vectorroutines. 
      sorry, i just died, i will have to quit. Fried of avena signing nothing 
      cos you will just take away my falcon if i do. 
 
17:20 Ok, I just notice that I (Hi, it's Toby again...) can't even play Ishar 
      2 good enough to live longer than 2 secondons before I'm slain by some 
      evil, evil, evil.. dunno. Oh shit, I thing I will die very soon here. 
      Maybe I should eat sth now. This shitwriting is fookin borin. 
 
17:25 Well, it seems that we have reached line number 100. 
      This is ofcourse a historical happening that we simply have to 
      celebrate. 
      So we put another beercan in the ass of the floatable doll of Synergy ! 
       
      Cheers Slimer 
 
17:48 Yes, it's Toby's turn again. Olny one word: Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck! 
 
17:51 Well it's Chrome from Synergy here on the keyz, for the first time 
      today. I'm feeling copletly fucked up now. 'Coz I've just slept for 
      about 1.5 hours last night, we left at 5 o'clock this morning and we 
      arrived at around 9:30 in Bremen, why couldn't they organize this 
      party back in amsterdam, then I could just take the bus or maybe my 
      bike. Well the party is MUCH better organized this year and already 
      a lot more people then last year walking around the building. Hope 
      I'll survive this party, Well maybe I'll try and work some more on 
      the globe map for Mr. Ni's texture mapping stuff ... PhotoShop rulez! 
      Too bad it's Windows only as it crashes everytime you use more than 
      50Mb of pictures at once :) Well it runs on a PC so you can expect 
      such things, well I'm gonna quit writing now, as I'm going to do some 
      more audio pollution right now ... You'll probably hear from me lots 
      of time this weekend so, party on and take care ... 
 
17:59 What I have been asking myself for quite some time now, is why this 
      party is so quiet. Dunno. In fact, I don't care anyway. Greetings to 
      Beavis for his nice hardcore porn. VOK vanishing. 
 
18:10 Slimer is heavily depressed now. He will jump off a high building soon. 
      Any donations will be gratefully accepted on postgiro 913210. 
 
18:13 heh hehh heh heheheheh. i`m back and the keyboard hasn`t improved. 
      This party has the rather unsettling habit of being the FRIED bits. 
      i find the expression somewhat harsh, i don`t want to end up as 
      small bits on the floor maybe or something like that. where are all 
      the people? there is still a lot of space here to be filled. r 
      aaah, great. another bug in our rout. shit, gotta go fix it. mtv  
      popraps 
 
18:33 Well filthy Dutch guys, you can really spot the Dutch guys at this 
      party from MILES off, they're at the places where the loudest music 
      is pumpin' from the stereos and everybody is shouting, not like those 
      German people, they seem to be extremily quit up to now. I don't know 
      about them, hope this will change. 'Coz I thought we where here to 
      have a party not sit behind a computer and be quit ... Well let's 
      make some noise and get this party rolling ... More Orb or Front 242 
     on the speakers more alcohol, nicotine and caffeine ... 
 
18:36 Prachtige Inactieve Natrappende Kolerelijende Enge Lachwekkende 
      Tractorrijdende Jeukende Eikels, Inc. Oftewel: P.I.N.K.E.L.T.J.E.!!! 
 
hey what is the time? ah 17:41 o.k.  
well eh at the moment you should imagine this: loud front 242 music and  
some hardcore gifs on a falcon nearby . meaybe i should have brought some 
more cause they keep on asking for more of this shit. 
ah well you never know what people want. Next time they want shit and piss  
stuff. huhu uhhu this sucks, I hate typing .. well gotta sign off for now  
see ya next time (not sober)  
Shit I gotta keep on typing i am not allowed to leave this keyboard ..  
Eh hum, what to talk about now       yes pizza's  
No I know the time . The time is now 18:47 because they switched last week to 
summer time and the systems clock is stil at winter time. That explains why I 
didn't got the time right. Well that's all folks for now see ya all when i am 
drunk (about in 2 hours I Hope). 
 
Hello everyone!! This is POWA of The Mega For here!!!  and BUTTHEAD of sentry 
(??)   
bey we're goingto macdonalds!!!!]] 
 
 
19:19 My nasi's cookin'! Bye! VOK '94 
 
19:20 1 min 35 to go before it's ready (my nasi I mean) 
 
19:22 And now it is too fukken hot! F**K! Let the great lord wait until it 
has cooled down... Show me a gambler and I'll show you a loser. Show me a 
winner and I'll show you a corpse 
 
19:41 Hey nobody is making a realtime now... 
 
19:40 (Bonus, you're watch is fucked up...) The time, as we know it, is 
always real. Don't you think? But, you might be arguing that time is virtual 
fake idea of mankind. Interesting theory. Havoc. 
 
19.51 popper poppen poppig pop pop bumm tod ahh hilfe der satan reisst 
      teuflisch boese meine seele durch und macht mich kaputt. 
 
19:55 Well it's me on the keyboard , whattafuck, those flippo's from dba are 
watching dirty pictures, they seem to get off on them , as bonus seems to 
have wet his pants!! (just kidding you there) Little bit a shitty piece of 
text isn't it (YES IT IS) .Hurrah for you then coz I don't really care about 
that so just enjoy this or else.... Havoc of the giant is sitting next to me 
enjoying his meal of SUZI-WONG's NASI GORENG (I think?) and he doesn't seem 
to be very interested in what I have to type coz , Oh he has just read this 
partt and said UH UH!. I guess that meant that he has read it and is VERY 
interested in what I ... He said UH UH ! AGAIN!..  I don't think I'll write 
anymore of his UH UH's now coz they are becoming very prominent. (here we go 
again)  He's now using a type of MORONS-sign language to get me to go to 
McDonalds so here we go then. Oh yeah this is Mantra (formerly maybe known to 
some of you as D.C ! of the now renamed crew Odyssey =>DAWN (our new name) 
Well havoc is back and were going... CIAO tutti e arrivederci... 
 
20:15 Yo! Here's ZONK of TFC hackin on the keys! Let's say just a few thinx: 
Great people, great demos, great ATARI, great JAGUAR, great Girls(????)great 
Party!!!!!!! Huh.... well nothing more to say 4 this time!!!! 
 
20:16 Now Onkel Blubb from the famous Blubb Crew is on the Keyboard. I think, 
that it is really nice here. A shity and very loud Musax is now in the 
background and a sexdoll sitting in front of me. That's all for now. Perhaps 
you would hear something more from me later. Bye bye. 
 
20:21 rage against the machine is on. just so you know F O A 
 
20:25 the fun is back !!!!   (Integer and Tyan just arrived)  and .... 
well... (by the way : avena rulez - jet is sitting next to me)  seems to be 
quite nice in here (but much tooo hot) and after all (and that means 10 
minutes so far) i CAN say, that "Fried hat grosse Brueste!". 
so far so good, maybe there will be a kind of Fried bits I - revival (that 
means lots of kb with Integer-rubbish again in this realtime-article) 
 
20:40 Hey, what's up. Noone seems to be interested in this real time 
     megathing. I can imagine why becoz it's so very, very funny so far. 
     Evryone's putting his bloody shit in here and doesn't care about who 
     could be interested in it. Well, erm, yea, so, are YOU interested in 
     this? I don't really think so. It's just... well... Toby is bored again. 
     Looking at synergy demo was 

 
20:44 I am back and abut to be pissed. b.t.w. Does anybody have something 
like ducth homegrown grass with him I am looking for it but i can't find it.. 
Where is that dutch spirit like there was last year ? Well better stick witch 
the whiskey then ...................... 
don't drink and drive home get high and fly home.. 
Sky is the limit if YOU KNOW YOUR LIMITS. 
 
20:48 i want to have sex with the rubber doll which (i think) synergy 
     brought, but you know how it is with coders and rubber dolls. i really 
     would like to fuck it but i am afraid to ask. eh, heh heh. hmmm heh. 
     i am such a shy guy really. fried wigge 
 
20:59 Wow, i see that we past the 200 lines boundary. 
      It's time to celebrate this by putting beercan in the floatable 
      doll !! 
 
      Cheers Slimer. 
 
21:06 Okay... now let's get serious!!! This is POWA again from that crew 
known as The Mega 4.  It's feels good to be back in Bremen again.  I give 
huge thanks to The Energizer of LAZER and Smart of CHANNEL 38 for bringing me 
here from Bremen airport.  I came all the way from th UK (London) to be at 
this gathering once again, because of how much I enjoyed myself last year. 
 Dan of Redlite isn't here 'cos unfortunately he's occupied.  It's quite a 
shame that ATARI has somehow caused a divide in the (what I call) "ST family 
of Users".  The release of the FALCON has caused an incompatibility divide 
between us, and it looks like (somehow and probably) The Mega 4 will release 
TEKNOFEAR on the STFM/E and FALCON users might have to make do with a DESKTOP 
version as DMA loaders (etc.) have gone completely potty on this machine. 
 Nevertheless we will impress you with our final Megademo.  A special Mega 
greet to Butthead, Beavis.  You guys are crazy... 'dats cool dudes!!  Special 
greets to White Status of Avena and McFly of Risk.  It was great to see you 
again.  Also special greets to Rapido and all the rest of Synergy.  Your 
psycological/personal approach to demo presentation shows in your work, and 
looks very impressive... let me know if you want a BEATBOX rhythm for any 
MODS (hahaha!).  I'll probably type some more later... POWA SEZ sees yas 
laters... 
 
21:17 What the fuck are we talking about? Well lets start with sex ,drinks, 
drugs and sometimes computers. Why Computers ? ........................... 
ah there are all computers over here ....................................... 
what am I doing here?  
drinking . Yeah thats true lets continue with that , typing sucks  
Beavis has left the building .... 
No he hasn't he is taking a piss . 
O.K. 
 
21:24 LOST: Fried's penis. Most likely it is to be found in Jet's ass... 
      FOUND: twohundredandfourtyfour gay videoclips. We want the owners to 
      collect them at northpole. Quite a far way for Jet. 
 
five minutes later: I found it! I found it!!! But it was hard (not itself, 
but the looking for it was) for it (the thing) is very small and Jet's ass is 
very big... Jet ist ein Arsch. 
 
21:33 Yeah it's Toby again. Most of it is still boring, but you can have a 
      lot of fun at the "Toberaum".  
      What I miss is some digusting eklich stuff. Even this article could be 
      published with a limitation for children of 4 years and over. This can 
      only have one end: FOTZE, DRECKIGER RIESENSCHWANZ, ORDINAERES 
      GURKENABSCHNEIDERUNDAUFESSERSCHWEIN!!!! 
 
      I know I'm good at being eklich, but I can't change it, Ican't even  
      hide it for this place fuckin smells PISSE !! 
 
21:41 Burp !! 
 
21:54 stardate: 3f5d2a 1352 2155 94 01 04.  
 
21:57 yes i am, yeah, i`m still alive.......... it`s not yet late, 
an domm has arrived (just 4 you to know........ 
 
21:59 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarghh!!!! 
 
22:00 Ok, i't been done, anotha hour of smelly hacking ( for me being sorry 
      NOT into women) begins at this sogklirungobally convention. What I like 
      most is the fact tha green socks with yellow rings are said to be quite 
      prettey... Mr. Death of the new performed hackinggroup Galonite 
      (GALONITE RULEZ) is talking about rapping and gay videoclips. 
      Aouihofblleeargh. Meine Guete, es koennte auch einfach aufhoeren jetzt 
      so schlecht zu sein. Ausserdem beinhaltet die dumme deutsche Sprache 
      einfach zuviele Umlaute, sz'z und grossgeschriebene Substantive, so 
      let's start over in english (?) again. Oh too bad, important deeds to 
      be done... 
 
      Hey, there are no. Life is so fuckin boring when you have nothing to do 
      but write stupid texts. Damn. DER TEUFEL. 
 
22:10 This is Bobo in White Wooden Houses fom Berlin. I came here to this 
      'Party'(?) with two friends of mine. Honestly, I'm a littlebit 
      disappointed of this convention. Thought'd be a little more party-like 
      but all I found were freaks sittin' in front of their machines drawing 
      pics with some fishy-lokking japanese girls or tryin' to 'improve' 
      their pre-prepared demos... Hey! What's the sense of it? Another funny. 
      - or should I say - (*censored*) thing is it to see those cracks 
       acting like they were back from the north-pole and getting almost 
      drunk from one - in numbers: 1(!) - beer and behaving like they've 
      descended from the next tree. Hey, man! This looks so disturbed! 
       
      I wanna go home. Back home to the civilization in Berlin (probably the 
      coolest and most livable towns/cities in Europe). 
 
22:36 The article is back up, some dick had crashed it. What a motherfucking
      piece of fathersucking shit. (i want to be vulgar now)

22:45 well, the dutchies start to mess around again and my headache starts to 
kill me (jaja, darauf wartet ihr jetzt wieder alle..). to my surprise, these 
dutch guys were able to spread their funny smell again in the sleeping rooms 
(just as they did one year before) but anyway... I like them (schleim, schleim
schleim...)       the tired Integer... 

22:49   RAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!  Just met Wingleader again (2000 years of 
civilization past him withut any influence)
  
23:00 I want my pizza now. It is late. I'm hungry. I'll eat up any falcons.
      By any means, has anyone around here ever heard of Blue Manner Haze? I'd
      need some motherraping stuff!tbz

There must be something wrong with the time...the internal clock is now
at 22.09...I suppose this is because of the time-changing some days ago...
By the way, this is Quark of Game Over writing some shit. You know ?
the Ex-Charon of the Ex-NATO...
I`m going to starve in a few minutes if my pizza won`t appear now...
You know what happened some minutes ago ?
Somebody damaged Mr.Bond`s car...now I`m afraid my car is also in danger
coz I still have my Mono-Monitor inside...
Fuckin` shit, i want my pizza !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAArrrgghhh !!!
I`m starving.....(hust, hust).....(Roechel).....What is flat, empty,
small and hungry ? Mein Magen ! No more ideas...
(Hab` ich sowieso nicht gehabt)

Front 242 forever...

 23:39 Yup,here`s Moondog of tnb (Undercover-Mag-Redax > i`m the editor of
       this new multilingual discmag (english/german) (hee,hee,hee)).
       We,The Naughty Bytes,are with 7 members here in Bremen. Sorry,for
       this little..... aeh,my english is totally bad..... in german we
       say: Einwurf.... but i`m very depressive (my compo-pic (ST ofcoz)
       is only to 50% ready and i`ll not release it on this party)....
       aaargh.... shittz kezboard.... 
       And still remember: GIVE P(ocket) C(omputer)s NO CHANCE!!!!
       
23:59  last chance !!    APRIL APRIL !!!!!!!
       we (jet(i) and integer are just verarsching the poeple !!!!  
       ...and now, we have to sputen uns, denn otherwise the day ends before
       we have verarscht somebody 
 
 
Friday, 2nd of April 
 

