REAL-TIME 3

18:07 We just heard the shorttro's have to be in before 05:00 a.m. 
Guess its gonna be along night..

18:29 I.m hungry Mac Donalds here i come. I hope there will be no power failur
e
      now because i'm optimizing my harddisk. See ya later 
      Wingleader/Synergy 
 
18:35 Hey guys, it's Havoc again on the keyboard. I've just made a bet with 
      OTM about whether or not I can write something serious in this article 
      or not. Well, ofcourse I can! That's why I'll tell you what we have 
      bought this morning in the supermarket. It bores like hell, but it is 
      serious anyway. So here goes: 4 liters of beer, 1 bottle of Blue 
      Curacao, 10 Bockwurschten, 50 wiping papers, some bottles of coke and 
      sprite, 1 pack of Marlboro, 1l Orange and some more... 
 
18:45 Havoc again, this time about our environment. In preceding centuries, 
      mankind has built up a system which will lead to total destruction of 
      our beloved earth. This is a worrying development, and one I would like 
      to see stopped or, at least, reduced. It should be so that the people 
      who are responsible for the destruction of the biosphere of multiple 
      billiards should also be the ones who will make sure the pollution is 
      reduced to a level at which it can't mean any more harm to the planet. 
      But, ofcourse, I can see that the amount of destructed life for, say, 
      each dollar in the production process will require at least quadruple 
      the amount of money to be cleaned up. Ah well, I hope I have now won my 
      bet with OTM. If this isn't serious, I don't know what is.  
19:15 Hi, Manitou on the keys. I just had a little idea and I want to
      talk about it here. It is just a suggestion that ALL Falcon owners
 in the scene should buy 68882 FPUs, so that demo coders
 could rely on the existence of FPUs in all machines that belong to
 scene people. Well, there is a DSP inside the F030s but why shouldn`t
 we add even more power to these computers as FPUs are not too 
 expensive. I think that anyone who can afford a Falcon will also
 be able to pay 100 DM more for a 68882. As I said, this is
 only an idea to think about, I don`t even have an FPU myself, and
 besides, I don`t know how to program it (yet). So maybe I am 
 not the one who could tell how FPUs would improve demo coding,
 but if you or your group think that this is a good idea, try
 to think of a way to make all F030 owners buy FPUs !!!!!!
19:43 Danny O. lames the keys. Hm. At the moment I`ve got a headache, but I
 hope that I can fight it with alcohol. Wow, it`s very impressive
 to look at a clock in the right upper border in tempus. Is this
 multitasking? I asked a guy, but he smiled and said, I should ask
 the computer. But that f..king machine doesnt answer. Okay.
 You know, two little girls sitting in the kindergarden. They talk
 about things world makes go around. "My father has a dig that long !"
 The other get very big eyes : "What? My fathers is much smaller,
 and already that hurts !". Hm. Cold one. Hm. Searching food.

19:55 Just a few seconds ago, we had a really new idea REALITY-DEMOS !!! 
      First, there will be an exploding frog (have you ever seen them jumping 
      in an microwave ?) there will be nice muxak and the grafik will be 
      taken directly from the film. you may ask yourself, who will do this 
      ((aren`t you ?) Well, the guys of Avena thought of making this kind of 
      Demo happen !   So, Bull and me (Mc.Inti) are now going arsch some 
      Leute, because we haven`t done that for quite a long time... 
                     integer and Bull(shit) signing off.... 
 
20:26 This sucks major way. Smoke is coming in from the easter fires held 
about 50 meters from here. That thing is about 20 x 20 x 5 meters high and it 
stinks like shit. Lets check it out. See ya.. 
 
20:29 Lotsa action in this building, we've got foreign people holding 
      some sort of orgy downstairs, while their kids are playing with 
      matches. 
      Anyway i've just been to the Mac for some food. 
      So i'm okay i guess, see ya' later, 
 
      Slimer 
      
20:37 Here`s again Quark palabering some shit...but I don`t know yet, what 
      I should write...perhaps shit ???  Yes. A god idea. 
      Shit. 
      So. Now I`ve written some shit. You want more ? 
      OK. 
      Shit  Shit  Shit  Shit  Shit  Shit  Shit  Shit   
      This was enough shit. Let`s change subject. 
      Now I`m going to write -Bullshit- ! 
      ... 
      (Argh...get`em off me !!  no....no, I`m surely not writing any 
      kind ofshit no more....yeah....pooh....thanx for letting my neck...) 
 
      Hmm...they forbit me to write any kind of...of that brown sausage- 
      look-a-like-thing....so now....for something completely different. 
       
      Es war einmal ein kleines Maedchen, dass sollte mit einem grossen 
      Korb voller Backwaren, Wein und Arznei zu ihrer Grossmutter, 
      welche tief im Wald in einer Huette lebte, denn die Grossmutter 
      war erkrankt und konnte nicht mehr selbst fuer sich sorgen. 
      Waehrenddessen, das Maedchen war gerade erst losgelaufen, schlich 
      sich der grosse, boese Wolf an die Huette der Grossmutter heran. 
      Er klopfte und verstellte seine Stimme: "Grossmutter ! Ich bin hier 
      um dir frisches Backwerk und Wein zu bringen !" Die arme Grossmutter 
      jedoch konnte ja nicht ahnen, wer da wirklich vor ihrer Tuere stand 
      und oeffnete. Da stuerzte der Wolf, der nichteinmal gegen Tollwut 
      geimpft war, hinein und hatte mit seinem grossen Maul schon Gross- 
      mutters Bein abgerissen. Die stark blutende Oma versuchte sich noch 
      schnell zum Faxgeraet zu schleppen, um Hans Meiser und sein Notruf-Team 
      zu rufen, doch da hatte der Wolf schon ihren Unterleib in Maul. 
      Beinahe waere der Wolf auf ihrem Gedaerm ausgerutscht, das aus ihrem 
      Bierbauch spritzte, doch er konnte geradenoch Balance halten, indem 
      er ihren Arm ergriff und dabei versehentlich verdrehte. Das hatte er 
      eigentlich nicht vor, denn er sammelt die Oberarmknochen seiner 
      Opfer und ein zerbrochenes macht sich eben nicht gut in seiner 
      Sammlung. 
      Als er die Grossmutter gaenzlich verzehrt hatte, zog der zum 
      Transvestismus neigende Wolf des Grossmutter`s Kleider an 
      (Fragt mich nicht, wie das gehen soll, nachdem er sie gefressen hat...) 
      und legte sich ins Bett, dem kleinen Maedchen auflauernd. 
      Als sie frohen Gemuets ankam und in des toten Grossmutters gute 
      Stube eintrat, erkannte sie trotz des herumliegenden Dickdarms nicht, 
      welch Tragoedie sich hier abgespielt hatte. Sie trat an das Bett, 
      in dem der als Oma verkleidete Wolf lag. 
      Gerade wollte sie das frische Backwerk auspacken, da sah sich tief 
      in des Wolfes Gesicht und staunte: "Grossmutter, warum hast du solch 
      grosse Augen ?" Da sprach der Wolf: "Damit ich dich besser sehen 
      kann !" denn das kleine Maedchen war immerhin schon 16 und trug keinen 
      BH trotz Oberweite 94. Dann fragte sie weiter: "Grossmutter, warum hast 
      du keinen CD-Player ? Ich habe dir extra die neue Scheibe von 
      Front 242 mitgebracht, `Angels versus Animals`. Ist ja auch egal." 
      Doch dann bekam der Wolf einen Schluckauf und die Bettdecke fiel 
      auf den Fussboden, direkt neben Oma`s verwesenden Dickdarm und 
      das kleine Maedchen bekam einen direkten Blick auf die Gegend unter 
      seiner Guertellinie und sagte: "Oma, warum hast du so einen grossen... 
      GROSSEN...!!!...." Doch da zoegerte der Wolf keine Sekunde, morphte 
      sich per Atari Falcon030 in einen Menschen, riss ihr das T-Shirt und 
      das Hoeschen vom Leib und steckte seinen Mercedes in ihre 
      jungfraeuliche Garage. Sie schrie und schlug ihn doch sie konnte sich 
      nicht wehren, sie wollte nicht. Als das Schreien und Stoehnen aus 
      der kleinen Waldhuette noch nach 3 Stunden und 28 Tagen nicht 
      aufgehoert hatte, schoepfte der Jaeger verdacht. Immerhin haben die 
      Woelfe Brunftzeit. 
      Also stieg er durchs Fenster und danach auf das kleine Maedchen, 
      denn da war noch ein Loch, das der Wolf alleine nicht verschliessen 
      konnte. 
      60 Jahre spaeter war dieses Land genannt die DDR unter ihrem Fuehrer 
      Erich Honecker. Seine Eltern sind den besten Historikern unbekannt. 
 
      Die Moral von der Geschicht`: Jungfrauen,fuerchtet euch vor Woelfen 
                                    nicht (sonst kriegt ihr Gicht...). 
     
      Signing off:  Q U A R K   of   G A M E   O V E R 
 
       
 
21:20 I'm back, yes its MaNtRa typing away on that beautiful keyboard of our 
collective friend OTM's  Mega STe and pondering about the continuation of our 
QWERTY (also known as Pinkeltje) -story.... So I guess here we go!>>>>>>>   
 
When all his socalled friends had left the room, QWERTY woke up and realized 
that he also wanted to have a beer, so he went downstairs to get a 
HEINEKEN-tap biertje... But then , what happened? well QWERTY didn't know 
that our other COLLECTIVE friend FLAPPEROTTI was hiding in a cellar clipping 
his toe-nails, so while watching the PORN-version of 'Ren & Stimpy play with 
a Log' he knew it was time to hide, becoz there was an extraordinary 
happening being displayed right before his very clipped toe-nails... Yes it 
was.. It really was  AN ... Enormous super overdosed drug-addicted Horsefly 
prostituting HeInEkEn-sipping flea (with Soundblaster 16(couldn't afford 
GUS))  And what was that hiddeous creature doing before his swollen and all 
beat up eyes, Yes .. he was pulling his weeny, It just wouldn't come.... But 
when he finally could get it out of the pot, he put it on a plate and NUKED 
it in the Micro-Wave.. Fortunately it was a Hiroshima- model 5000 megaton, so 
it was all over and done with within seconds. Flapperotti really enjoyed this 
gigantic small display of Flea power.. But that is really drifting far away 
from our  real hero who as we have discussed before, was smelling rather 
badly, reaking of Limburger Cheese, NOT the kind you occasionally buy in your 
specialized cheese-shop, but the kind people from limburg get betwen their 
toes, and they actually CHERISH the stuff, as they enjoy, plucking it out of 
their toe's!! (this fact may not ACTUALLY be completely true, but I haven't 
slept yet so EXCUSE me....) okay enuff, He decided on excactly the right 
moment to go and wash HIMSELF in the party-shower (do you BELIEVE ME!!) 
(Well, ofcourse you don't, but read on anyway..) He washed himself with some 
mega soapblock supplied by FAXE DANISH LAGER (the best). After the washing, 
he re-inserted his VESA-Localbus Multi I/O and IDE cache controller into his 
left nostril which was expanded into outer space by this marvellous action of 
imploding madness. Now he returned to the mega Fried Tits Western Party. Here 
he encountered some strange Arabian kiddoes who were gazing at an inflatable 
doll called Maria. He helped them in getting involved (?!) with the Holy 
Virgin, which they respected heavily. The kiddoes offered him to come down to 
another party, where he got to see his first uncircumsation. He thought it 
was cool, so he offered to be the next in line. Unfortunately, the High 
Priest who was responsible for the cuttin', had drunk some Malibu/7Up mixes 
(quite a lot in fact). And therefore, the accident arose that he got half of 
his dick cut off. He was so stoned that he didn't feel anything at all, so he 
enlisted for a transsexual operation inmediatly. After two hours, he glanced 
happily at his new 'n' shiny new vagina. What a beauty it was. Unfortunately, 
the rest of him sucked so badly that he decided to kill himself. In order to 
achieve this, he went to live in Somalia. Anyhow, in Somalia, it is a custom 
to cut the cuntlips off. And becoz he wanted to adapt to the localbus 
culture, he agreed to get another cut in his female (?) areas. In a few 
months, he had a nice job, some children and a wife. When they comitted 
ritual suicide, however, he decided to go back to the Party in Bremen. He 
came, he saw, and he won (a game of MIDIMAZE...). He removed the expansion 
card from his nose and went on being happy and writing a realtime article... 
His life made sense again. He was living the impossible dream... Go! 
 
 
22:23 Some people really know how to type piles of shit. 
      Especially some dude calles Havoc......... 
 
      Signed X 
22:30 So, Integer says:"Fotzenschleim und Nillenkaese... gibt die beste 
      Mayonaise !!!"   (that`s it!) 
 
22:34 Now it's EVIL METAL of DUNE on the keys... 
      Nothing to says ... 
 
22:33 (This is what the internal clock says...quite strange...) 
      This is again QUARK on this shitty English keyboard... 
      When they read my part some lines ago, someone said 
      "Can`t You do this in English ?"...so I`m going to write 
      some more Bullenscheisse here...IN ENGLISH ! 
 
      What is black and is jumping through the forest ? 
      -A couple of Cokes. 
 
      What is clear and is jumping after the Cokes ? 
      -A couple of Coke-bottles. Haha. 
 
      I`m now going to mention some greetings here. 
 
      GREETINGS GREETINGS GREETINGS 
 
      So. The GREETINGS were mentioned. (AAARRGHH ! This hurts !) 
 
      Do You know what the dutchies did today ? 
      They went to the local supermarkets and returned with 3 or 4 (!) 
      waggons full of food-supplies ! It wouldn`t be worth mentioning 
      if they were about 100 people, but they sold out the supermarket 
      with just 5 people or so...are they millionaires ?...have they got 
      5 stomachs ?...are they MAD ??? 
      (Well, I did already recognize that they aren`t ganz bei Trost when 
      they kicked around a sex-doll....) 
      Now they all have signs, so they avoid speaking. Mad... 
 
      Bye, this was Quark of Game Over 
 
22:57 well, this is one of those dutchies typing and were not millionars, 
      were just some poor beggars (yeah right!). and we have only got 4  
      stomachs!!  
       
       
 
22:59 I am very very very hungry now, I think I will go to one of the 
      supermarkets here and buy me a container full of food (no 2!) 
      Why am I so hungry, well have you ever tried to blow up a plastic 
      girl. Before you are getting to your act your out of breath !!!!! 
      So be real and try to get a real girl, that my advise to you :-) 
      Say hiiii to bonus (that's me)..... 
 
23:02 Ugh...this is again Quark...I never expected my shit to be read by 
      someone...actually one of the 4-stomach-people almost tried to 
      kill me, but didn`t manage this, coz I just threw one of my 11 
      stomachs after him. 
      As soon as I`m asleep, I`m gonna be dead. For sure. 
      Has someone got an anti-dutchie-spray ? Ooh, shit. Perhaps 
      they`ve got an anti-Krautie-spray ant they will spray me away ?! 
       
      If somebody wishes to contact me for selling me an anti-D-spray, 
      write to: 
      Alexander Feige, 
      Bergstrasse 45, 
      68549 Ilvesheim 
      Germany 
 
      Now they`ve got my adresse. They will come to me and bite me. 
      Then I may live forever...aaarrghh !!! 
       
      For the mega-stupid: This crap above was garbage at all. No pain 
      (Physical or psychological) has been supposed to be done in any 
      way. Thank you. 
 
23:43 Mr.X, you have made me happy. And yes, indeed, I am the one and only 
      crapwrita. But don't forget Mantra. He can write crap too, yer know. 
      Anyhow, right this moment, I feel like writing someting somewhat more 
      serious. Like, for instance, about the craziness of the state we're in. 
      Imagine, 20 dutch dudes, a few assorted Germans flying by from time to 
      time, one weird Brit, some Frisians, loud musik, talking shit, doing 
      everything your mother ever told you not to do and having other fun in 
      general. Ah well, now let's write some more crap. This time I'll 
      discuss errr... ehmmm... welllll.... as a matter of fact... well for 
      instance, someone is inflating Maria right this moment... who is he, 
      how horny is he, let's see.. ohh, it's some German guy... does he want 
      to rape the mother of Jesus Christ? Is he a superstar? He's holding her 
      now, and now he's walking away... Okeydo, some nicotine now... What 
      shall I do now? Maybe I'll continue with the GO FOR IT logo... let's 
      ask Ben... just a minute... okey I am gonna do it ! Bye ! 
 
00:16 Hey Guys, here is ex. Shadowmaster of Animal Mine. I have joined Dune 
      and I have a new pseudo. It's called  - Jade -. I'm very sorry Slimer 
      of DBA that I hasn't draw you a menu for DBA Mag 10. Becoz I doesn't  
      have any cool art tool. But soon we will release Dune Graph for Falcon 
      It's look like Crackart and Neochrome Master. Okay we will release at 
      the party a preview of Dgraph. The original is selling in the near  
      future for 20 DM. On the party there are three guys from Dune. Me , 
      Evil Metal and a Musician with a hard name. Okay hope to see you soon. 
      Bye, Bye .... You dreamed it , we made it   D U N E  . 
 
00:34 HHHHuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhh, ik gaat hier nu wat  
      typen voor alle nederlanders. 
                                                                            
                                                                            
      nou doei. 
 
00:43 Wingleader and Bonus seem to be having somesort of close and secret 
      meeting. 
      They seem to be having interesting conversations about how to emulate 
      gem on a PC. 
      But little do they know that this is already done...... 
      Anyway that's life for ya', take it or leave it !! 
 
     Slimer  
 
 00:52 Moondog is back on the keyz and I would like to say that tnb rulez! 
       (tnb rollt.... uebrigens: hiermit erhebe ich "RAEUDIG" zum offiziel- 
       len Kultwort! Krank ist out! PS. Watch out for Undercover Issue 3, 
       coming soon (end of april '94,hopefully....)!!!) 
 
01:01:58 I`m here to tell you that it is already 1:01:58 ! 
 
01:02:41 Update ! it`s already...oohh...time runs... 
 
 
 
 
01:15  Hark Hark, Harkened he....  How to make your own foolish wavepad 
Take two chopsticks, a piece of cardboard, some tape and some paint or 
brushes. 
Make up two of your best expressions, short ones, and draw drewl or make it 
in braille on the cardboard. 
put the two chopsticks in the middle an on the cardboard for 1 inch or 3 cm. 
Tape them like a mummie so they will stay there for a long.. long time. 
Everytime you want to make YOUR expression wave the wavepad and 'Smile'. 
The idea came from a member of Synergy but I thought you might like it too. 
Greetings from Goof 1.34 3.4.94 
 
1:38  Happy happy joy joy.... 
 
1:50 Creative with cardboard. 
(C) 1993 by Havoc Design, Development and Realisation.. 
For Rapido Woodprocessing Factories GmbH 
Techniques by Synergy Creative Cardboard Coproduction, SARL 
Styling by H.A. Vok and N.O. One Else 
 
This is a short introduxion into Cardboard, which might seem dull to you, but 
in fact can give you lots of fun, provided you're attending a coding party. 
Especially one where there isn't a lot of coding going on, like this one here 
in Vieland. First of all, you will have to pick up a piece of cardboard. If 
you can't survive this item, refer to your ST's manual. Then pick up a piece 
of cellotape or an equivalent, like nosepicks, a Struijk maaltijd or try to 
use a one year old bottle of coke. More later. 
 
3:00 We have just seen a great video about raytracing and virtual reality 
     Imagina '94. Great what you can do with a great computer. It's  
     better than real..... 
     Bonus soft... 
3:05 After having seen the imagina-video and without a minute of sleep for 
     about 30 hours i just HAVE to get some hours of it...   (just talked to 
     Havoc - and he seems to be the same nice guy as he was last year!....(at 
     least he SEEMS to be...))   Integer signing off (ich geh` jetzt pennen!) 
 
3:25 With the Timer B you can code Bob Marley Rastas, hahahahahahahaha. PSX 
 
3:58 With the state I'm in, I can't code anyway. How lame can you get. PSV. 
 
3:59 Goodbye. I'm tired. I'm gonna sleep. Fuck the world, I'm dead. 
 
25:99 You don't wanna know what time it is anyway. Fuck it. Joy joy. Powa is 
searching space, by the way. Hope he finds it. 
 
04:11 Why is it that there comes a time in a coder's life when they get drunk 
(be it lightly or heavily) they code something really good, and it has a few 
teething problems.  So when this coder wakes up in the morning, he'll look 
into the screen at his own source code and not know what the hell he did 
certain routines for... let alone the whole bloody program!!!!  I guess 
that's my thought for the day... gotta get some sleep... much a-coding to be 
a-doing once I wake up.... if I can actually get up that is.... POWA over and 
almost certainly OUT!!!!! 
 
The pumping lemma in full contrast with my hair piece. Want I wanted to 
say is, that when you are in a gay state of mind, you can talk so 
freely !!!!  Aaaahhh, the pleasure of chaotic mind.  
Now some fuzzy statements about this topic: 
Look deep into a structure and you will find chaos 
Look closely to chaos, and you'll find .....? 
Life is a structured way of applying chaos. 
I don't like to think straight, because I'm gay. (See above) 
Tralalalala Rapido is my name, and I gonna make a statement that is hard 
to get, for me in particular. 
 
          Sa Mi Ka .         Try it , and get it. 
 
Enough chaos for now. Will be back yesterday for some more.... 

