CD MODULE PLAYER


The D.B.A. presents their own, and surely not without pride, CD MODULE 
PLAYER II. It's a project I (Bonus) wanted to make for a very very 
long time but didn't had the time nor the tools to do so. But after 
the Falcon showed me a few nice things I thought "What the heck, just 
do it" and here is the result....

What is it then ??
------------------

Well it's another (you might say) module player, but with loads of 
options, some of them never showm before, and possibilities. Let me
explain them to you (with a screen shot of the most important 
functions):
~CDPLAY.BL2~                                 Here it is. 
                                             The first button left, almost 
                                             in the corner is the EXIT 
                                             button (great way to start 
                                             ain't it). Just klick that 
                                             one to leave the program.
                                             
                                             More to the right you can see 
                                             three small buttons with 
                                             12,25 and 50 in it. Select 
                                             one of these to set the 
                                             frequency to replay the 
                                             module 

                                             Next to that you can two 
                                             triangles (arrows). These 
                                             you can use to scroll to 
                                             the list of modules that
                                             stands here were now this 
                                             text is. I would say you 
                                             will get the hang of it 
                                             as soon as you work with it.
                                             


Well the rest of the functions really explain theirselves but for the 
butthead amongs us I will spread them out.

MOD INFO
--------
Did you ever see the text that is in most of the modules ??? No most 
of you haven't. Normaly it isn't there but some composers use the 
space to give a sample a name to write almost complete textfiles or 
greetings.  This option you don't see often (or is it even unique ?) 
but you can now read the whole file that's is hidden inside the 
module.

DBA INFO
--------
Do I have to explain ??? Just read !!!!

TRACKER RESET ALL
-----------------
Aaaah a real nice one this is. For some reasons, I didn't get it 
straight as yet, some modules seem to f*ck up the player if you place 
them in repeat mode. The program will ask for the CD_MOD.DAT file. Just 
give him what he asks and he will play you every tune.

Okay now a brief word about the normal keys...

REWIND        Sets replay pointer back in module.

PLAY          Play the module you have chosen.                                       

FORWARD       Sets replay pointer forward in module.

BALANCE       Setting sound left or right. Standard setting is 0 that 
              means the same amount of sound on both speakers.

PLAY ALL      Plays all the tunes listed in the directory. If all the 
              modules have been played it starts all over again.

STOP          Stops the module that is playing and sets pointers back 
              to start position.

PAUSE         Pauses the module that is playing but doesn't reset the 
              pointers in the module. Click on it and it pauses the 
              module, click on it again and it resumes playing...  

VOLUME        Set replay volume of the module from 1 to 15.

SHUFFLE       Plays all the tunes listed in the directory in a random 
              order. It will keep on doing so until you stop him.

REPEAT        Sets a module in repeat mode, so wenn the player has 
              reached the end it start all over again.

PATH          A special one. Here you can select the drive and 
              directory where the mod files are. Just select the path 
              like "D:\MUSIC\MODULES\" and press RETURN or OK and the 
              list will be filled with the new modules.

PLAY MODULE   Press the down arrow to select a previous module or the 
              up arrow to select the next module. Does also work in 
              SHUFFLE and PLAY ALL mode.

You can also click on a module name in the list to get it loaded and 
started, as easy is that !!. 

So what more ??? Well there aren't any un-packers build in yet, that 
for the future. There is a max. number of 400 modules in one directory 
for now (We tried it on a Module CD ROM, great !!) but this can be 
changed any time to up to a 1000 or maybe even more (until we discover 
a CD ROM with more than 1000 in one directory !!). 

But if you find any bugs (afterall it the first real release of this 
module player) or have usefull tips/hints/expantions for us don't 
forget to write us. We will see if it is usefull/helpfull for this 
small programm. 
                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------

To use the player put the DBA_TRAK.TOS on a blank disk and click on 
it. It will now self extract to two files. THen just click on the .PRG 
file and there she goes....

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Happy happy joy joy with this player

                                               Bonus Software 

P.S. donations are welcome or just send a programm for the magazine it 
return ....

  








