IRON SOLDIER

             ~IRON.BLK~










Story:

Industry has taken over the planet. The Iron Fist Corporation has used military 
force to conquer national governments and create a worldwide military dictator- 
ship. The Iron Fist Corporation developed a new weapon for use in urban areas: 
The IRON SOLDIER, a 42-foot tall piloted robot armed with the best weapons 
there is. However, the Resistance has managed to capture an early production 
model of the Iron Soldier unit.
This is where you come in. As a member of the resistance, your job is to pilot 
the Iron Soldier in a one-man war against Iron Fist.

The game:

Iron Soldier is some sort of flight simulator but the difference is, that you're
a robot and you cannot fly.

The graphics look very good, the 3D is fast and it is variate with shading and
texture-mapping and some normal sprite-graphics, like the explosions. 
Controlling your robot is simple. Press A and forward to walk forward. There are
also Advanced Controls, which make it able to turn your head separately from the
rest of your body. There are sixteen (16) missions which are (I think) not easy.
I've not yet been past mission 4. My brother has been at mission 10.

Weapons:

The weapons are which you can choose are presented in the weapons selection
screen. They are rotating in the 8 little screens (If you have them)nice effect.
 

Standard Manipulator      = Your hands. To trash buildings with.
Cassy Assault Rifle       = Semiautomatic hand held rifle.
Parker Chain Cutter       = To trash building with too.
Badger Hand Grenades      = Oil-drum sized hand grenades.
Rachels Gatling gun       = Heavy at short range.
Wolfpack Rocket Launcher  = Fires 12 deadly rockets.
Charlotte Rail Cannon     = One shot at a time, far range.
Slate Heavy Shield        = Increases your defensive abilities.
Sable Cruise Missile      = Controlled by your self.

Enemies:

'Glaive' Helicopter       = Nasty, and represented in every mission.
'Greave' V.T.O.L.         = Planes with turbine engines, drops bombs on your 
                            head.
'Gantlet' Attack Plane    = Flies quickly over you to leave some bombs behind.
'Brassard' Light Tank     = These tanks are everywhere.
'Tasset' Heavy Tank       = Big and tough tanks, with a big cannon.
'Javelin' Rocket Launcher = Little rocket launchers which do not move.
'Heaume' Gun Turret       = Little huts with a machine gun, fires at you when 
                            too close.
Enemy Iron Soldiers       = Same as you, only not friendly.
'Behemoth' Frigates       = Large tankers, which ship weapons and stuff like 
                            that.

There are also some crates to be found in the missions, which give you ammo and
health, or simply nothing.

Conclusion:

Iron Soldier is a very good game, but you'll have to like these kind of games, 
if not, it could be a boring game. The graphics are good, but I've said that 
before. The sound is good too, nice sound effects and music.
                                   ~SOLDIER.BLK~
Info:

-Title     : Iron Soldier J9026E
-Producer  : Eclipse Software
-Publisher : Atari
-Age rating: Kids to Adults 6+
-Rating    : Very good game 8.5



Some cheats:

On the options screen type the following codes:
6824     For an extreme hard game.
37668242 To choose all the missions and to have all 
         weapons.
272837   For unlimited ammo.

Doei!

Crap DC

