DOOM FOR JAGUAR

                    ~DOOM.BLK~











THE STORY:

Mars, the experiments with pigs have turned into a big disaster, they are 
mutated and are bloody aggressive. A group of marines is there to stop the 
horrible creatures.
You must secure the perimeter of the base while the other marines go inside. 
From the outside you hear the carnage: guns firing, men screaming, bones 
cracking... then silence. Suddenly you're the last marine alive. Now, it's your 
turn to go in the base and kill the horrible horrors, use every weapon you've 
got.

THE GAME:

Doom is a game, where you walk through some sort of maze and kill the ugly
monsters who want to kill you. The walls, ceiling and floor are all texture-
mapped. There are also some small puzzles, by searching the right door keys.

After turning my Jaguar on, the title screen appears with a very ugly sound
followed by a pre-played demo and after that the credits. After pressing the 
button the option's screen appears. Here it's possible to choose between:

-Game mode:  single, 2 player team or 2 player battle modes. The last two are 
             only possible by linking.
-Area:       which level to start with. You must have reached the level before 
             you can choose it.
-Difficulty: 5 possibilities, I'm a wimp, Not too rough, Hurt me plenty,
             Ultra-violence and Nightmare.

Playing the game is easy, press forward to go forward, back to go back and left,
right to go left or right. Press A while turning or walking to increase speed, 
press B to use your weapon and press C to open or use a door or lever or to walk
to the left or right (strafe).

WEAPONS AND ENEMIES:

There are 8 different weapons in Doom. They are hidden behind the numbers
1-7 on the numeric joypad. 

-1 = Fist or Chainsaw = To hit or chop your enemies.
-2 = Pistol           = Normal gun, always got it with you.
-3 = Shotgun          = Makes nice holes in your enemies.    
-4 = Chaingun         = The big brother of the pistol only stronger.
-5 = Rocket Launcher  = Delivers a nice rocket at your enemy.
-6 = Plasma Rifle     = Shoots multiple rounds of plasma energy.
-7 = BFG 9000s        = To clear the room of enemies.

And there are 7 different enemies in Doom, and they are all spread over the 24
levels. 
Former Humans (Zombie men) : These where some of your old buddies who 
                             never returned out of the base.
Former Human Sergeants (Shotgun guys) : The same as above, only with shotguns.
Imps :  Mutant pigs who shoot great balls of fire at you.
Demons : Compare them with rhinos only with a big mouth and big teeth.
Lost Souls : Skulls on fire flying in the air.
Cacodemons : One-eyed floating heads with big mouths shooting lightning balls.
Barons of Hell : These are the toughest enemies, almost unbeatable without the
                 right weapons.

In the game there are also doors' witch must be opened with the right coloured 
key. Some switches also needs the right type of key. In the levels there are 
also other items to be found like: Health packs, armors, ammo and armor bonuses.

At the end of each level you get some results you've made in the current level:
-Hidden regions located   - In Doom there are many hidden rooms and hallways.
-The ratio of kills       - How many percent of the enemies you've killed.
-The ratio of items found - How many percent of the items you've picked up.

CONCLUSION:

Doom for the Jaguar is a good game, but when you've seen the PC-version, it's 
in a few ways a bit disappointing. The shading of the texture-mapping on the 
Jaguar is much better, but the detail and the graphics in general (texture 
blocks, objects) are in a lower resolution. This is not because the Jaguar 
cannot handle it, but to save cartridge space. And the few music tracks that 
are in the game (between the levels) should have not been included, they could 
have better use more graphics instead of the music.
                              
                              ~HERO.BLK~
INFO:

-Title     : Doom J9029E
-Producer  : iD Software
-Publisher : Atari
-Age rating: Mature 17+
-Rating    : Good game 7.5




SOME CHEATS:

Zombie mode     : Pause game, hold down * and unpause.
                  All weapons and keys: Pause game, hold down # and unpause.
Level select    : Pause game hold down a number 0-9 and a fire button A-C and
                  unpause.
Warp to level 24: on level 3 when you've been to the left and you have done
                  everything there, don't go through the blue door but take 
                  the lane in the middle.

Crap DC, 24-07-1995.

