STE REVIEW TEAM

~TEAM.BLK~






PROBABLY THE BEST SOCCER GAME EVER!

Soccer, who doesn't know the game yet? One field, two halves, two pair of poles
with each one net, one ball and two teams which must get the ball through the 
two poles of the opposite team by kicking it around with their feet or heads. 
The team with the most goals wins the match.

THE GAME:

Team starts with a small intro, some pictures and a little piece of music. When 
you hit the button or space, it will continue. The main menu appears, showing
FRIENDLY MATCH, LEAGUE COMPETITION, CUP COMPETITION, GAME OPTIONS, ACTION 
REPLAYS and edit TEAMS.

-Friendly match     __ Play a normal game, no competition is involved.
-League competition __ Select some teams and play your own Premier League, PTT
                       Telecompetitie, Bundes Liga or Serie A.
-Cup competition    __ Select some teams and play a knock out competition, like 
                       the F.A. Cup or the Amstel Cup.
-Game options       __ Select the duration of the game, pitch type, weather and 
                       so.
-Action replays     __ Here you can load a saved replay and watch it over and 
                       over and over and over again.
-Edit teams         __ Load or create your own teams.

PLAYING THE GAME:

The controls are simple, forward is forward, left is left and right is right. 
Hold down the fire button to shoot the ball, the longer you hold down the 
button the harder the ball goes.

When you are a big Goal! Fan, watch out, the controls might be tricky, it 
doesn't play that easily like Goal! Because there is no after touch and you 
can't adjust your opponent's strength, like: Ace, Pro or Amateur.

The graphics and the sound effects are excellent for a soccer game on the
STE/Falcon. The players are small but detailed, brown men, white men, blondes
and black hairs. Different types of grass and even the supporters are there.

When you kick the ball toward the goal and you miss it by 1 meter or it goes 
over, the public says "AAAH!". Even the referee can play the ball, which is 
very irritating.

This is not really the best football game ever, but it a good one, when you look
at the grafix and the sounds.
                    
Title  : Team
Made by: Impact Software
Needs  : A 1 meg STE or Falcon

Rating: 8.75


Crap DC.

AD. * If you are a Goal! or a Team fan and you've created your own teams, 
      like the Premier League or the Bundes Liga. Contact me. I've got 
      the PTT Telecompetitie to swap with. |
                                           |
                   Christiaan Demming  <----
                   Talmastraat 54
                   1182 EP Amstelveen
                   The Netherlands
Bye!
