F.O.D. PARTY TEXT

***************************** F.O.D. ST Party ******************************

A realtime article from the F.O.D. ST Party in Den Helder( Netherlands).
This little piece of introduction text is typed some days later.

It was saterday the 11 of april and Bonus picked me up at 10:30.
We loaded my computer in his car and drove to the house of Vigo, where
we picked up Vigo and Ecto 1 and another ST.
Than we left for Den Helder and after we drove over the boring
"Afsluitdijk" we finally arrived on the scene !
There was no trouble finding the location, altough we expected the worse.
It was 12:15 and we saw some guy's infront of the " building " lookin'
suspicely like members of Synergy and Sentry.
The car was parked and we unpacked our stuff and I immediatly loaded Tempus
for this real time article.

After that i forced everybody to write a piece of text in this article.
I had to kick some ass, but i managed to get everybody on the Party to
write bits of shitty text( altough they where half drunk ).
So here goes..............

Real time article from the F.O.D. Party in Den Helder.
The time is now 12:30 and the place is already crowded with people.


12:31 Lookin' good so far.................( Slimer of D.B.A. )

12:37 This is Quazar from THE FLAMES OF DIAMONDS here and I am very
      pleased to say that we finally have organized our first
      "get together" in Den Helder.
      See you in about ??? minutes.

12:44 This is Digital Coolness at the keyboard and im sitting here
      at our little get together and it's 'nicer' than sitting at home!
      No , i'm just kidding. Everything is cool and i'm thinking of drawing
      a new font. I know absolutely nobody here so (that's not true I just
      met ECTO 1 (wow!)) I hope I will get my hands on some new demo's and
      such here.  The atmosphere is nice, and it's still better! (I know I
      am boring you, so I will let Quazar ( or someone else!) write a 
      piece of garbage!) Ciao, from me.

12.59 This is The Vampire from F.O.D. the meeting is now going on I don't 
      know what to type, maybe in a little while I do know what to type.
      The Equalizer is showing of his demo ( I hope he won't read this).
      See you later, in some time I will write some, more I hope.
      Bye.

13.06 God damn, they drag me from my seat just to make a shitty comment 
      about  this stupendous party , hey you wanna know something a had to  
      run a mile or something to catch my train and I missed it , thank God 
      I've seen a bus drove by so I chased it just to catch it right on 
      time , of course I had a bag with my computer and everything on me,
      pheww ...real heavy stuff , and then on my way to the main railway 
      station I realised that I've forgotten to bring adaptor along so
      I'm feeling a little blue right now ...........by the way I'm TOON
      the graphics artist from SENTRY ciao for now.

13:32 Hi, Digital Coolness here again. half an hour ago we got a piece of 
      paper from ECTO 1 , wich WAS an agression paper, I say was because
      I used it immediately, because Quazar was so nice to mention I looked
      like someone from GTST! Sorry for the bullshit, Ciao

13:40 Heeeaaaaavvvvyyyyyyy................Slimer

13.42 Yo guys, thiz iz Ecto 1. I just spreaded some "agresssion paper" 
      for the guys who are a little bit angry, if they see some coding 
      of someone else, which they can't do themselves. Some guys already
      used it. ( Now they go to see the docter ! ). Well, i just walk
      around a little bit here, because i don't have my old computer 
      with me ( because there were already two computers in the car, 
      so the car was full ) No, just kiddin'........my computer is a 
      little bit defect. The colours are wrong, and it has no music
      anymore. I don't have time to go to the computer store, because i
      still serve my country. ( yes, at the moment i am wearing my air-
      force trousers ). Well, i'm done........let anybody else wrap some-
      thing.

14.13 It seems nobody has used this ST for quite some time now. Maybe it's
      because Tempus is currently running and it was portraying a 
      fantastic black screen due to its screensaving feature. This is 
      Zanac from Synergy, and since I have found this ST willing to 
      sacrifice its processortime to my beloved magical powers (sorry!),
      I will use this opportunity to describe the wild situation I am 
      currently enjoying.
      For we, humble Synergy guys (to be exact Rapido, BAT and I, Zanac)
      took the 0945H train from the Hague, to meet Wingleader, Eagle and
      Chrome at Amsterdam Central Station. From here we travelled further 
      to Den Helder. 
      When we got off the train, we solely beholded cows, grassland and 
      a few trees. Luckily there also were 2 cars present, meant as a 
      means to transport us over to the place (and/or/eor time) we are
      we are currently in.
      A few minutes ago, someone made a remark concerning the proportions
      of the text I am currently working on.
      I feel sorry for him to be unable to understand the importance of me
      (sorry again) bringing some light into this underworld darkness.
      Eventhough I'd very much like to continue this piece of text, I 
      will have to redirect you to a place further into time, but within
      the same confines of this article, because I think I've found some
      other activities that require my presence...
      see you in a while or so, Zanac from Synergy.
     
 
 15.02 .  .   .        .               .         .      .  .
           .      .            .           .       .        .
        .                .              .              .         .
              .                    .             .            .
          .          .          .                       .      .
       .        .         .           .       .    .       .     .    
     
          .          .         .         .      .       .      .   
              .         .           .        .        .          .
                               .         .      .
      .     .      .     __ _ _ _ _ ___ ___ ___ _ _    .      .  .
          .     .      . |. |.| |\| |_ .|_| |_  | |
                         \ \_/ |.| |__ |\. |_| \_/  .     .   .      
        .     .       .    |     .       .     |
           .     .          .             .          .       .    .
                    .         .      .            .     .      .
         .                .                .               .
             .       .           .           .         .        .
     SYNERGY IS PROUD TO PRESENT: THE ASCII-CODE DEMO BY bla bla ...

     This actual screen shot is taken from a prerelease version of the
     mega dutch SYNERGY demo.It includes a steady starfield,and the logo
     rippling like the mount everest in a thunder-storm (wauwie !!).
     Well anyway it's good fun being here at the F.O.D party in DEN HELDER
     so I just took the occasion to promote one of our screens....
     RAPIDO took 20 minutes to write this crap and are you in for some more?
     
     ..
     Did you know ??? No ?? Well I did know it,but then I did.......
     ..

     Well the rumour is that S.O.D is actually working on their intro of
     their demo (actually their scroller of their intro of their demo).
     RAPIDO takes another beer....

     And B.A.T takes control....
     You know "agression" paper is really a curious piece of paper. It
     says that you can do with it whatever you want. It also says that when
     you disintegrate more than 3 pieces of paper, you should see your
     doctor and jump of 20-story building. So I took my incredibly 
     famous calculator and computed than I should see 3.234 doctors and
     jump of the same out of buildings. This is offcourse impossible or
     maybe it isn't. They say that can only die once, BUT I have proven
     them wrong. The last time I jumped of a 20-story building in a state
     of agression I achieved a constant speed which decreased my neural
     breakdown factor, which then resulted in a safe landing. However
     the fag who broke my fall wasn't so fortuned. Not that was sad or
     something. So this was my lifestory and I'm now going to try to
     beat Rapido's steady starfield.

15:53:08 
     
     שששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששש     
     ש     Wingleader did his artistic work here !!!!!            ש     
     שששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששששש
     I'm becoming a little bit crazy of some person that is standing
     next to me (Guess who !!!)  

     It's Slimer of the D.B.A.( this sentence is typed by de Slimeman
     him self ). That loonie that calls himself Wingleader said to me
     that he would type a big piece of text in this article, but guess
     what he run out of memory.....................

16:20:51  Hello, readers, coders, graphic artists, musicians, designers
     and freaks of all kinds, this is Eagle of Sentry writing in this
     article on the Flames of Diamonds party in Den Helder.
     I just updated my packer (latest version now is 2.05) for the guys
     of D.B.A. It is on this magazine. Try to pack Modules with it!
     It's realy fun here, so we decided 6666767rfvh hukoj89 (sorry, but
     Rapido just gave an example of a packed file). But now I will go on
     with talking about the thing I wanted to talk. So it is fun here and
     we decided to go out in A'dam tonight. We planned to go to a place
     called De Walletjes, I wonder what kind of things are waiting there
     for me coz' I've never been there before. Maybe they have fast Mega's
     there! I'am gonna leave you soon because I am going to help the guys
     from the FOD (FIX) with coding there little demo. They wanted to 
     release this at the D.B.A. party in december last year, but the gfx
     had to be updated. There just is a little problem with the loader
     now. When this is fixed, it can be released. (Four men are trying to
     get it work, B.A.T./Synergy, Rapido/Synergy, Fix/FOD and me. So, good
     bye ...................

 


16:53 
     Oh God Honey just wrench of me willy for a decent price.
     I just love you sitting on the sheets moistening them with your
     heavenly juices. Just give meself a blow job for half an hour
     without sucking the sheets right through me ass.
     And if you still hungry for more,just call me name and I'm in prime
     position with no extra charges.
     We could also try some shit porn... Do you know that greasy position
     where you lay your egg on me forehead and I leave me egg..  well...
     it's really embarassing ... on your left eye....
     But I know I love the color of your eyes better then the color of your
     shit....
     RAPIDO is in a hurry for a good shit..

17:15
     Well, here is Mr Ni! behind the keyboard, I have promised to
     write something about Omikron basic for this magazine. I hope that 
     it is good, because I haven't started my Omikron Basic article yet.
     (I'm somewhat busy with my basic demo. I'm planning to put the whole
     demo together this easter, so I have to write 2 more screens before 
     that time. I also have to write a DMA loader in basic but who cares
     about that beside me and Insh_Allah (that's the one that has the DMA
     load routs in turbo-C, we both hope that it can be converted to
     Omikron basic). About this party, some are real good programmers, but
     there are also some guys who like to play games more than programming.
     Today is also the day that the new Mod-replay++ (by Insh_Allah) is
     released. One new option is the posebility to scroll fast forward AND
     BACKWARD in a mod, so you can hear your fave parts over and over again.
     The crash routines are also improved. So the player doesn't crash when
     you select a non-existing song in a soundchip or digidrum music file.
     




17:34 Lame shit...........Slimer

17:37 Ho ho ho, this is santa here I've come all the way from the top
      of the Scandic nations I've come all the way just to meet the
      FAMOUS Wingleader of the rather unknown Synergy ... He's SOOOO
      nice well have to feed the poor animals who make it possible to
      travel to this cool place called Den Helder to go to the F.O.D.
      party ....

17:50 This is Chrome of Synergy here can you believe it Santa claus
      was at this party? Well it's quite nice here as the almost
      entire Synergy and most of (well I think maybe all) of Sentry
      are here and some D.B.A. persons which are (ofcourse) NOT
      important!!! Well let's take back my words otherwise the poor
      guys will be crying for ages ... (Sorry folks I'm reaching the
      state of mind which is called "Almost drunk").

17:53 Who is Chrome i've never heard that name before but i think that
      He is the biggest lamer i've ever heard off. ( Grapje Sas)
      (Note from Wingleader of Synergy)

17:58 Hello everybody, I'm Dark-Devil... 
      I'm here at the one and only 'ST Party' at Den Helder!!!
      I'm here for a quite long time, and I'm about to know how
      a horizontal scroller works!! 
      
      There are alot of computers here, and alot of coders!
      I brought my computer, but it's occupied. That's why I'm
      writing this text (I've got time now!) !

      Here comes : Zanac from Synergy .....

18:05 OK, since you forced me....
      Just a little piece of text to sign off for now, for the greater
      part of Synergy (person-wise).
      We are currently planning to take off on our beloved train, which 
      will hopefully be moving towards The Hague, the sole real town in
      our little shitty country called The Netherlands.
      Before leaving, I would like to thank, on behalf of all Synergy
      members, the following persons:
      Thanks guys for making this day worthwhile:
      F.O.D. (for organizing this event), D.B.A. (for lifting a tip of the 
      veil, concerning their disk-magazine and their wise choice to invite
      Synergy to write an interview), Dark-Devil (for already coding some
      pretty neat effects for his age(13)), Sentry (for real-time adjusting
      their packer to meet our standards, e.g. pre-cleared BSS), D.C. of
      F.O.D. for shining some light on the graphics side of demo-production,
      and all other persons present here (except for the ex or
      not-ex DDC member who think Mad Max produces music (we think he pro-
      duces shitty noise)).
      For the final, but for me personally the most important part, I send 
      greets (and lost else) to Odessa from Synergy (kiss, kiss)....
      For now, really signing off, Zanac from Synergy..........doei....

18:29 Slimeball, forced me (Digital Coolness)to write a little piece of 
      bullshit, but as I already have typed a little piece (a few hours ago)
      I find that I don't have to type a lot af crap. well I will give a 
      little comment on this.... nah, better not! I just finished a little
      piccie which I started working on this morning. Maybe it's in this 
      maggie, I don't know. I really have no idea of what to type, did
      Fix write a little yet, I bet not! Time to complement those guy's from
      DBA! I really like your mag and I hope you will continue making such
      a good magazine (not only because you're dutch!!)
       

18:38

      Well Synergy is leaving the building.
      Bye for now.

18:49:03 Hello, folks. Just a few bytes by Eagle before we are going to 
     Eat. This was it because we are going.

18:48:43 (Hey someone has the wrong time.) Let's add some eco zever to this
      article. (In my last scrolltext was no place for eco zever, there was
      only some space for ultra zever, zever light and 'groene' zever. Yes,
      this is Mr Ni! (the Great) of the TOS-crew again talking 'zevering'
      about zever. I hear you ask what's zever? Well, I can explain that for
      you. Zever is something used to fill most scrolltexts and disk
      magazines to fill the disk space. It goes about almost everything and
      tells you nothing (something like this!). It's used to entertain you
      while reading a magazine when there is nothing to tell you anymore.
      Hey, look who is there? It's Homeboy of the DDC! 

19:20 Hi there, I am The Equalizer ( close and personal friend of Dark-
      Devil ).
      Well, the party's almost over, sentry has already left, but I guess
      I'll stay here until everyone has left.
      I'm pleased to hear the programs I sent to D.B.A. are included in
      the forthcoming issue.
      Right, I won't occupy this computer any longer, so that someone else
      can type something.
      See ya!

19:30 Yeep Bonus at the keys. Well it has been a nice party that for sure
      we got a lot of things for the new diskmagazine (but you can see that
      for yourself). But as all good things must come to an end, this party
      is also ended now.
      
19:34  Strike Force
      Who are those guys you probably ask yourself,well exctually we are
      two nice guys (haha).Now we are very proud to be at this meeting,I
      Thunderbird that is have had very much fun being at this meeting a
      nd I would like to greet one of our finest friends THE SMURFS ,haha
      just kidding we hate those assholes,but this is not the time to dis
      cuss it..Now my compagnon would like to drop a line...
      Oke' this is the compagnon then (main issue) they asked me to write 
      something but i don't know any thing so....    

                                   have a nice day ...... (strike force)

19:42 Okay the D.B.A. will leave the party now, they all are packing
      their stuff and i'm tyred.
      At home i will type a intro for this article.

      Slimer, Bonus, Vigo and Ecto 1 of the D.B.A.


