HORROR OR TRUE ?
               

The questions stays: Is this horror or is it really true...

                                                            ~skelet.bl2~
The Atari ST and his scene is fading away...               
More and more groups are quiting...
They all are waiting for the Falcon...
It isn't for sale yet in many country's...
So lot's of people probably sold there machine way to soon...
Atari is already working on a new model of the Falcon...
They only are surviving on the profit they make on the Lynx...
They will never release the games they promised for the STE...
They sometimes don't know for them selves what they want...
There are lot's of people that think an Amiga is better then a ST...
There are lot's of people that think an Amiga is better then a STE...
That there are even people believing an Amiga is better then a TT...
Do you believe that there are stupid people on this earth...

We are still poluting this Earth...
It once was green and bleu all over...
And shining all over in the galaxi...
It still does because of the nuclear waste we are dumping...
In Russia they just put it in the ground they live on...
They just sink there old nucliar submarines to get ride of the waste...
They are planning to build 23 new reactors...
They still haven't found a solution what to do with there waste from the
old reactors...
Thjernobil wasn't the first and surely not the last nucliar acident...
Oil isn't that save too...
Big tankers are made of 1 layer of material...
So if they bump into a rock or something they always will break open...
In this year already 4 of them had a acident...
Millions of animals die because of this stupid way of transport...
We are accepting these facts without doing something about it...

There is still war all over this earth...
We still keep on killing other people because of what they believe in...
We still keep killing other people because of the land the live on...
We are still killing people in games...
We are still selling/buying Nazi games...
We are still killing aliens on screen...
There are probably much more people killed in the field as on screen...
Killing is in our blood...
I believe that there are stupid people on this earth...
                                                          
