FAVE VIDEO'S

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        SOME GOOD VIDEO'S TO RENT
                             - by Slimer -

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITEL: UNIVERSAL SOLDIER

This is futuristic action packed movie with much violence.
It's the new movie by Jean Claude van Damme and Dolf Lungdren( or something
like that )about supersoldiers called Unisols ( Universal Soldiers ).

The problems start in Vietnam, where a sergeant played by Dolf kills his own
platoon.
Jean tries to stop him, they both die in the attempt and wind up in a secret
project where they become supersoldiers.
These Unisols are used by the U.S. army to terminate dangerous terrorist's,
but as you can guess something goes wrong.
All Unisols get controled from a big truck where they get injections to erase
there memory's.
Both Dolf and Jean get out of control after a while and then a bloody and
exciting fight start's at live or dead.

Jean shows some fancy footwork and fistwork in the end sequence, well worth
watching if you're in voilent action.


TITEL: INTERCEPTOR

This is a movie that goes about planes 'n stuff.
A test pilot is flying the new stealth fighter and the planes crashes in the
flight by a malfunction in the computer.
He gets out in one piece with his parachute, after this failure he gets send
to Washington to stand trial before a committee.

They place him on a big aircraft that carries two top secret stealth fighters.
In the meantime a terrorist organisation have decided to steal both stealth
planes by hijacking the aircraft.
The come on board through a pipeline of a fuelplane and then the troubles 
start.

Ofcourse the terrorist don't know about the extra passenger and get a big
suprise.
The end sequence in this movie is also quite nice( and the female pilot of
the hijacked plane is also nice ).
Another one to get and enjoy...........

TITEL: THE TOWER

The caracter in this movie gets a job through a lovely woman with a big firm.
Nice thing about this firm is that they are situated in a big tower that is
completly run by a computer( CAS ).
This computer controls everything in the building( climate, security and the
lot ).
You only can enter the building and it's rooms with a computer pass and 
there are also very tight rules in the building.
Every violation of a rule will get registrated by the computer.
Well you guessed it our hero is a computer/keyboard freak that breaks all
the rules and the computer decides to elimate our hero.

The lovely woman gets also involved and then the real fun starts while they
both try to leave the building alive.
After you watched this movie you will get a different view on voice reconision
so watch your Falcon and don't let him run your home !
Some things in this movie are really exaggerated but most of it is really
possible these days. 
Nice but not really stunning..........

TITEL : PARADISE

This is something completly different then the previous video's.
It all goes about a little boy, his mother has some problems at home and
decides to send the boy on vacation.
He gets to stay with an old girlfriend of his mother, this woman has problems
with her husband( played by Don Johnson ).
They still love each-other but she is blocked inside because they lost a kid.

On this vacation the little boy meets also a little girl and they become
good friends.
It is funny to see how those two play in this movie.
I won't tell you more, but if you like to see a good video without blood and
violence this a good one to rent.
By the way both the woman and the man are really married in real live.
Nice to rent for your girlfriend...........

BASIC INSTINCT

This is a very good video directed by Paul Verhoeven(Dutch) with action and
nice erotic scenes.
It all begin with a ex rockstar that gets killed with an icedagger in his bed
by a woman.
Michael Douglas plays Nick Curran, the cop that has to find the killer.

While investing the murder he meets a woman called Catherine( Sharon Stone )
and gets obsessed with her.
I won't tell you more about the story but i can tell you that it's good !
Don't forget to watch close when Catherine gets interrogated by the police !
By the way, Nicks girlfriend is also quite nice.
Very high recommended.......

BIRD ON A WIRE

Well, this one is more like a ordinary action/humor video with famous actors.
It's about a guy that is living under a fake name hiding for some corrupted
ex F.B.I. men.
The false indentity was given to him by the F.B.I. and allowed him to live
a normal life. 
But one of those corrupted F.B.I. guys was sent to jail by him and gets
released.....

Nick is hiding for 15 years when he meets his old girlfriend at the gas- 
station where he has a job.
He tries to avoid and tries to act like he doesn't know her, Mirianne(Goldy
Hawn) has her doubts but leaves the gasstation anyway.
Nick(Mel Gibson) calls the F.B.I. for a new identity but his contact man 
works for the corrupted F.B.I. guys.

The men find him at the gasstation but he gets rescued by Mirianna just in
time !
From there on wild car chases, shootings and other things happen.
Good action and some humor by Goldie......

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some ACTION video's really worth looking at,

The Last Boyscout                     ( With Bruce Willis )
Aliens 3                              ( With Signoury Weaver )
Cape Fear                             ( With Nick Nolte and Robert de Niro )
Out for Justice                       ( With Steven Seagal )

HUMORISTIC video's really worth looking at,

Kindergarten Cop                      ( With Arnold Schwarzenegger )
Don't Tell Mon the Babysitter is Dead ( With Cristina Applegate )
Critters 3                            ( a horror-movie with humor )

Movie's to AVOID,

Flash 2
Harley Davidson and the Marlboro man   ( flopped anyway )
Eve of Destruction                     ( cheap female Terminator clone )

I hope that i helped you a bit out with picking the right video's.
Everybody has his own taste but i think that these one won't let you cry
from sadness after you saw them.

Tell next time.............

