 {*f1
       DO WE NEED THE CHARTS?!
   ------------------------------- {*f0

The most  of you can  surely remember  the great  scene-charts in the  good old
Amazine by Mad Vision / HMD. The  charts in this magazine  were the best on the
good old ST in former times.
Since more  than 3 years Amazine is dead and also real scene-charts aren't seen
anymore. Ok, we had tried to realise charts in the earlier issues of Undercover
but we must stop this because of very limited support. I can't understand this,
because I think charts belong to the scene like the ketchup to the pommes...
The request of the charts was to show all which group or guy is the best in the
scene. You know that many  groups and people had sayed "We are no. 1!" but were
they really on the top?! Hum, it's a good question...
I think with real charts there  can be more  life blown in the scene. In former
times every band or guy want to be at place one  and so he or the group must do
something for it... The coders had to code new brainblasting  effex to show all
the others  that he was the best and  so one. I think all have worked much more
because it was already a  big honour if they were on place one when hundreds of
people have voted... But today? At the  one point the scene  is nearly dead and
the most groups  are laming around  and resting  on their old  laurels... There
isn't a real competition anymore. At the other point the most groups  releasing
their stuff only on one of the rare parties  to get a price. In the long  times
between the  single events there is nothing coming out, its a shame.
I think real charts can drag the  whole scene out of her sleep because when one
guy is on place  one the  others are  thinking: What? This loosy  bastard is on
the first  place? No! We are better! ...and so they're releasing some new stuff
to beat the otherones and get the first place... At least I think so...
Ok, back to the core of this article... I think we  need charts! And  if you're
thinking as well  just write us a postcard  or better... send  us your personal
favourites! Just send  us a card  with  your 3 favourite  demo-groups, ST-demos
and Falcon-demos and eventually your favourite games on ST and Falcon!
Send your cards or any suggestions to the following add:

    Moondog of tnb
c/o Eric Henschler
    Weichau 1a
    06618 Weichau
    Germany

If we will  receive at least  50 cards or  letters or something else  up to the
30.01.1997 we will include the charts in the next magazine! So move your rotten
bottom and do something for the Atari-scene! JUST VOTE!
When we see  that you  will have  the charts  back we'll work  out a new little
votesheet which  you can print  out and send back for the next  magazine. We'll
think on making the charts  exactlier ... best coders, musicians and so one but
this at the next time...

PS... I've  already included a  ready voteform! Ok, you  want charts?! Fill out
      this damn sheet and send it back as fast as possible! You can also upload
      your votesheet to the following board:

          The Junction BBS - +49-34771-44306 - spw:yes nup:rage
        Shelter Whq, Uaf Ghq, Gd Dist, Phd Hq ... Sysop: sLAPSHOt

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-
