 {*f1
        THE INTERCON '96 PARTY
      -------------------------- {*f0
                               a short party-report

This is only a short report because my english isn't good enough to review this
event in all his glory (?!)... Sorry for this...

This party was organized by Inter, New Trend and tSCc and was held from the 1st
to the 3rd of November this year. The party has taken place in the surroundings
of Karlsruhe / Germany.
In the invitation, which  I had received some  days before  the convention, was
mentioned  that there  will be  place for  up to  200 people  and so I was very
anxious... We  arrived in the late evening  in Weiher, a little village near by
Karlsruhe and there  were only about 30 - 40 guys in the hall. Also at the next
days were are only some guys more added. Nearly all of the people were germans,
although the party-place was near the french frontier.
The following groups were present in any form at the party:

Absence       / Falcon
Animal Mine   / ST - Falcon
Checkpoint    / ST
Escape        / Falcon
Inter         / Falcon
Light         / ?
Mugwumps      / Falcon
Mystic Bytes  / PC
New Trend     / Falcon
Respectables  / ?
Sentry        / Falcon
Spirits       / Falcon (?)
TEX           / ?
.tnb.         / ST - Falcon
tSCc          / ST - Falcon

and some other guys (I don't  know if this list is  correct... I don't know all
the people)... You're surely surprised about  the names like TEX and so one but
this  guys were only  there to meet  old friends, not to do something on the ST
or Falcon or some other machines.
The party was very funny, even if only  a few guys were there. Some of the guys
which  were present were a bit strange. A coder of the unknown group CHECKPOINT
has  performanced  his coding-skills (fire  and texturemapping-routs on the ST)
and the  new member of  tSCc, called Llama has presented some crazy things like
a STARDUST-clone for STF and monochrome (BRAINBLASTING!) and some great routs.
tSCc have released their MOD-Compil 11 at the party. They're working on a patch
for MidiMaze for using the JagPads.
But the guys  on the party  have  mostly played  several games like Quake (PC),
Duke  Nukem  3D (PC), Z (PC), Ultimate  Arena (STE), STarioland  (ST), MidiMaze
(ST) and Rescue on Fractalus (XE (!))...
Sometimes  there were  some technical problems (no current) and  over night the
heating was turned off... It was fucking cold in the sleeping area...
On the little cinema  were shown movies  like Toy Storie  or Terminator 2... At
the saturday evening has opened the little pizza-bakery.
At the late saturday-night were the competitions. There were only a few entries
and the  presentation was leading to some controverses and roaring at the hall,
crazy...

The competition-results

Demo-competition - there was no entry :-(

96-K-competition

the only entry was a little ST-screen by Checkpoint.

 4-K-competition

1st place - No / Escape
2nd place - Lucky of ST / Inter

gfx-competition

1st place - Llama / tSCc
2nd place - Stratagem / Animal Mine
3rd place - Dirk Hartmann (?)

msx-competition

1st place - Scy / tSCc
2nd place - SLW / Mystic Bytes
3rd place - MC Laser / tSCc
4th place - Shylock the brain
5th place - 505 / Checkpoint

The prizes were a bit strange! All entries have  received some things like OS/2
WARP, NEON LIGHT for  OS/2 (the upgrade  to  the full-version  costs only about
1000 Deutschmark ... aargl...) and much more of  this useless stuff... It was a
shame I  think, but the  organizers  had not  received better stuff  from their
sponsors (the german company Team Computer)
All in  one it  was a funny party, even  if only a few guys were there and only
some little thigns were released.
I'll hope that Inter, the main-organizers, weren't to depressed, because of the
fewer present guys and will do another party next year...
Thanx for this nice and crazy convention!

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-

