 {*f1
           THE INTERCON '96 RELEASES
         ----------------------------- {*f0

Yup, here  they are, all the  competition-releases from the Intercon, which was
held from the  1.11. to the 3.11. this year. Even  if there  were guys from the
most german  groups present there were  only a few entries to the compo's. It's
sad, but we should be satisfied that there were at all some thigns released...
I have heard that Inter had worked  on a demo for the competition but they have
not finished it in the limit. Hopefully  we will see  it some day... Also Seboz
(Spirits) had a nice  screen (great  bumpmapping with  more colors  and only in
3.1 KB) but he wouldn't go in the competition  with it... I don't know why. The
screen  will  eventually  never  be released (because  of the  attitude  of the
Spirits... "no one needs computers").
Ok, so we have  only two 4K-intros  and a little  demo-screen. Let's start with
the last one...
 {*f1
"34Ktro" by Checkpoint {*f0

This should run  on ST and Falcon and brings a burning logo and line-vector and
also a new sound-ship-music. It was  coded by Defjam and the sound was composed
life at the  Intercon by  505. It isn't the  first real  fire-effect which  was
released  on the  ST (TOYS  have released  the first on the  STE one year ago),
because tSCc  have released their Mod Compil 11 at the party and in their intro
you can see also  a great  fire-effect... and  so tSCc were  the first who have
RELEASED this effect  on the ST (the best fire-routines on the ST were coded by
Mike / Stax but not released so far) and  at last... this screen bugs with four
bombs on my 1040 STFM  with TOS 1.4 ... this is crap. I don't know if this will
run on other ST's, even if I have seen it on Defjam's ST... Who knows...
This screen was  the only entry  in the demo-competition and has won this compo
(...) The music is nice but the fire-effect looks a bit crude...
 {*f1
4Ktro by Escape {*f0

This intro has  won the 4K-competition. It was  coded by No of Escape and shows
different effex, so a  disting Escape-logo which  burns away, dirstorting fire-
effex and plasmas... Nice...
 {*f1
4Ktro by Inter {*f0

This one has made the second place (good, eh :-) and  was coded by Lucky of ST.
It shows a rotating texture-mapped tridi-area, nothing more. It's also good...

The  other releases were 3 grafix and  5 modules. The grafix  aren't very good.
The first  place was  going to  Llama of tSCc with a funny, gras  smoking worm,
the second place was made by Stratagem / AM with a raytraced logo and the third
and last  place was  going to an  unknown man. His  picture seems to be unready
because the antialiasing wasn't finished...

The modules were all very techno-loaded. The first place was made by Scy / tSCc
with a cool Octalyser-module. The second place was going to SLW of Mystic Bytes
and this  Fasttracker-module contains  some strange german texts of dead and so
one. The third place was made by Mc Laser of tSCc with a nice ambient-module.
The two others were 2 acid/techno-mods of mediocre quality...

Hum... Thats all and I know that's not  much but who cares? The party was nice,
cool and crazy peoples and that is important...

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-
