{*f1
              MOONGAMES
            -------------{*f0

author  : Gilles Audoly / France
genre   : racing-game
players : 1-2
system  : Falcon (original  or enhanced), 4 MB RAM, RGB/TV or  VGA-monitor, pad
          or joystick, 5 MB harddiskspace
status  : freeware

MOONGAMES is the sequel to the commercial MOONSPEEDER. It's a racing-game where
you're driving/flying around  with your vector-hovercraft-vehicle over a mode-7
landscape  on different  planets, on, with magnetic barriers  restricted, routs
against 7 other speeders.
This free version (Huh, the owners  of MOONSPEEDER  will surely  fuck the autor
for this, because it's nearly the same game  and I think it's also a little bit
better as the commercial version...) needs  ALL hardware-resources of your F030
and supports also turbocards and so one. So  the guys which  haven't a harddisk
up  to now (Yes, there  are some  of this mad  freax out there!) shouldn't take
this program because it runs only from the harddisk...
Ok, back to the review...
After packing the contents of  the four disx  to the  harddisk you  must reboot
your computer  if you've  only 4 MB RAM  because the  program  needs the  whole
memory to run.
After starting the game you can  select the machine  which you  have. I've only
the "classic" Falcon and so I have pressed -A- and the game starts with a intro
which could be a demo. It brings  cool effex  and I  think the  presentation of
this game is  one of the best on the  Falcon. The  whole game-parts like menus,
credits or highscore-lists containing divers demo-effex like plasmas, glasballs
and some kind of distorted texturing.
You can  take many options, you can play in training- or championship-mode, you
can play against another player using splitscreen, you can choose divers sound-
options and much more.
You can select one of eight vehicles which are different in speed, acceleration
and energy/shield. Then you can select the difficulty and if you've choosen the
training-mode you go directly to the first stage which is only a simple circle-
rout and called Lamer-Track, hehehe. You can l ook at the stage besides loading
and depacking because they're shown as line-vectors on the screen.
If you've choosen  the championship-mode  you must qualify  before starting the
race. For this you must  made your way  through a fully  textured labyrinth and
find the exit. If you're the first  one which found  this place you'll start as
the first... you'll have the pole-position.
Ok, the race starts and  you can control your speeder over mouse, keyboard, pad
or simply the joystick. The rout is  restricted by magnetic barriers  which you
shouldn't contact (like also  the other speeders) because this  costs speed and
energy. If the energy  is going down to zero your speeder explodes and the game
will be over.
On the routs are some areas  on which you  can reload your energy and also some
items are laying on the way. These  have different  effects. They  can give you
more speed, lasers to shot the other speeders, the possibility to drive through
the barriers to take a  short cut. Sometimes the extras  aren't useable because
they damage your brakes and so you're smashing against the barriers.
On the routs itself are also some features like springboards and some others.
If you've  finished  the parcours you  can eventually  write  your name  to the
highscores if you've broken the lap-record.
Ok, the technical side... The game uses the Falcon exemplary. The grafix beside
the stunning  background-effex aren't state of the art and looking a bit simple
but even if they're very colourfull. The grafix in the game
The sound is very good. In the  intro and the  menu there are  many atmospheric
noises and in the game itself are different tracker-tunes and loads of samples.
The controls are simple  and made no problems. I think the control over the pad
is the best of all but it's only my opinion.
Because of the multi-player-mode  and the saveable highscores the motivation is
guaranteed for a long time.
The only thing I don't need on this game is the labyrinth-part for qualifying.
Ok, because this game is free you should get it as fast as you can!
Not more to say! Just get and play it!

ratings

grafix      :  70 %
sound/FX    :  85 %
playability :  95 %
motivation  :  85 %
--------------------
overall     :  84 %
====================

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-
