{*f1
               OUTSIDE{*f0
                    VIRTUELL RAM FOR ALL 68030-ATARI-COMPUTERS
             --------------------------------------------------------

distributed by - MAXON Computer / Germany - Lexicor / England
systems        - TT, Falcon and ST with PAK68030
price          - 89,90 DeutschMark
tested         - demoversion 3.30 ('94)

You all have  had surely the problem that  your computer hadn't enough RAM left
to start the one or  other application. The  real RAM is, at least for the TOS-
machines very expensive  and so you have to restart your computer every time to
start such  a program. But why  the hell you have such nice programs like NVDI,
Selectric and so one when  you can't use  them at any time because of your very
limited RAM-resources? For what  you've screen-resolutions over 1024*768 in 256
colors? Hum, if  you want  a comfortable  configurated  machine with  all these
features you'll have only 2 MB RAM left for use with your app's and this is too
less... Ok, you can buy these  very expensive  RAM-extensions  and update  your
system with 4, 8 or more  megabytes OR you  can  use a  program which  emulates
virtual RAM with help of your  harddrive. "Ha!", you'll say, "a harddrive isn't
fast enough to realise this!" but some guys have  realised an application which
emulates the RAM with your  harddrive and not  only 4 MB! NO! Up  to 512 MB you
can emulate with this program! This tiny little  thing is called OUTSIDE and is
relative cheap...
I had received a demoversion of this program. It was  version 3.30 and emulates
only 2 MB RAM with the  D-partition of your  harddrive. The problem is that you
can't write something on the used partition in this demo. Other limitations are
that you can't configure the RAM. But for a little test this demo is ok...
After  I've installed  the program  in the Auto-folder  and a reboot  a message
appears on the screen with some information about the program. I'm running also
the  Screenblaster (with 864*512*16), Selectric, NVDI, some  patches  and  also
X-Control. On the  desk I take a look at the desk-inf and wow! 5,1 MB RAM left!
Ok, this was this first success.
After this I  started the  demoversion of PAPYRUS GOLD 4.08. Also  this program
recognizise the memory and says  that over 4 MB are left for documents. Papyrus
itself takes about one MB RAM. The program runs completely, without any bugs.
So, I want to leave this application and, erm... I can't! If you  want to leave
Papyrus the program try to grab on the harddisk and  because I've installed the
Papyrus-package  on  drive  D  I've  received  the  message "Drive D  is write-
protected"... But ok, it was my failure...
After I had rebooted the machine started to system-information-programs to look
if they can recognizise the memory. The  first one  is INFORMAT 1.16. This prog
have located the  whole ST-RAM and  over 1 MB  of GEMDOS-memory (?!). Ok, not a
big problem, but the  second one, SYSINFO 2.12, can't relocate  the real ST-RAM
and says that only 1,2 MB ST-RAM are available?! I don't know why...
At next I've tested some copy-programs. At first I've started FCOPY PRO 1.2 and
this program  shows only  grafix-garbage in  the corner which shows normaly the
free RAM. ECOPY 1.64 means that only 1,3 MB RAM are available as puffer. It can
recognizise the real RAM but doesn't use it? The last  program I had tested was
KOBOLD 2.5. This program can't add the virtual RAM  to the normal ST-RAM and so
it can't use the extended memory.
After this very frustrating  results I've  started some grafix-applications. At
first I started GEMVIEW 3.01. This program don't notices the virtual RAM.
Differently by PICSWITCH 1.01. This program relocates only the virtual RAM...
The last program I've tested was  the DIGITAL TRACKER and also this program has
only relocated the virtual RAM.
The result is very  conflicted. At the  one side you can  have much more RAM by
using  harddiskspace for only 90 DeutschMark and at  the other  side only a few
programs can relocate and use this virtual memory.
So I must  say that you  should buy right  RAM, even if the extensions are very
expensive but this real RAM you can use completely.

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-
