{*f1
        RAINBOW 2 - MULTIMEDIA
    ------------------------------{*f0

producer       : Addiction Software / Sweden
tested version : V. 2.0 / Preview
system         : Falcon only, 4MB RAM, colour-monitors, harddisk recommended
                 runs under NVDI, Screenblaster, Blow Up and much more
price          : 80 DM

Because  I've seen also  RAINBOW 1.0 and RAINBOW 1.2  I must say that  this new
version has made a very big progress.

RAINBOW MULTIMEDIA is one of the biggest  truecolor-painting-tools ever seen on
the Falcon (for this low price of course!).
This package contains besides the  pixel-paintprogram also sound-studio, slide-
show-studio, photo-studio and  a sprite-studio! You  can reach  all the several
studios over the mainprogram through a simple change-button.
Because I'm only a pixel-painter  I haven't tested  the other studios much more
as the painting-corner. But only this studio shows many features.

Ok, lets go... After starting  the program  you'll enter the painting-studio at
first. In the middle  of the screen  you have the  paint-area. Around this area
all the  painting-tools, options and so one  are scattered. The program runs in
several resolutions, all  in truecolor  of course. For  this it uses  a virtual
screen-size  and so  the screen scrolls in all directions when you're coming to
near to the border with the mouse.

You can select one of the following resolutions:

        384 * 280
        768 * 280
        384 * 560
        768 * 560
        384 * 1120

If you have already a  picture in work it will be not destroyed when you change
the current resolution, the monitor-type, the vertical frequenzies or whatever.

The program can read different picture-formats. Its  bad that the formats which
the program  can load aren't  mentioned in the read-me-files. So  I had to test
what can be loaded  in... The  program can  read: PC1, PI1, GIF, TIF, TGA, TPI,
TRP and TRU-images. I think  there are  some more  but I  haven't all  picture-
formats on my harddisk. Desirable would be the possibility to load IFF and JPG-
pictures but it's only a preview and eventually the fullversion can load them.
I don't know which formats can  be saved because this is  only a demo. The demo
of RAINBOW 1.2 which I have already here can save atleast the TIF-format.
Ok, after loading the picture  you can select the area which should be shown in
the  work-window. After  you've selected the  area you  can select  the type of
magnify, if this will be mobile, static or as big area.
The painting-tools can be selected over the mouse or the keyboard. All ordinary
painting-tools are present, pencil, fill and spray-option  and so one. But this
program has many additional tools integrated. So you can paint with crayon, you
can paint  in oil, water and smear-style (looks very good). You can use shadow-
effects and also recoloring the picture with a new palette through simple over-
painting with the pointer. Also a very good airbrush-effect is included.
Because the program has all the painting-tools constantly on the screen I would
prefer it  opposite  DelmPaint, IndyPaint or  something like  that, even if the
scrolling mainscreen  confuses a  little bit and  also even the complete outfit
is the overtrash (The workscreen is such colourfull like a plasma-screen!).
The other studios I  haven't tested right. You can work on photos in the photo-
studio (with  different effex like negative and something more). For  this it's
sad that JPEG-pictures can't be loaded because the most  photos I own have this
format.
In the sprite-studio you can work on sprites and animations, I think so ;-)
At the  sound-studio you  can work on samples  and also record new samples. The
program can read AVR and SMP-formats.
At the slideshow-studio you can pack pictures and music together.
That's it. I havan't the motivation to test the other studios much more because
I'm not a musician and animation-making sux... Because I haven't a digitizer or
scanner I can't use the the photo-studio so much.
My main-interest was laying on the picture-studio...

At last  I would mention  that also  a built-in-game  is  included. It's called
Skulls 95 and that's a mine-sweeper-clone in truecolor-outfit.

Last but not least I want  to say  that it  would be better  if the work-screen
will be a bit clearer. But all in one  this is a very  powerful tool and if you
don't like IndyPaint or DelmPaint or if you haven't the money to buy Apex Media
you should take a look at this program...

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-
