{*f1
              STOOP 1.05{*f0
                         A NEW BOOTMANAGER FOR THE FALCON
                 ------------------------------------------------

autor  : Phil Hodgkins / U.K
system : Falcon, 4MB RAM, VGA/SVGA-monitor recommended (on RGB/TV in interlace)
status : shareware/keyware - registering for 10 pounds

After X-BOOT and the great and unbeatable AIRBAG by Apache / ex-tnb (hehehe...)
cames another bootmanager  along. This time  its for the Falcon only because it
uses it's own graphic-interface and runs only in high resolutions with at least
16 colors. Eventual it will  run on  graphic-cards or on the TT and compatibles
but I wouldn't promise this...
Ok, this new bootmanager  is filled up with tons of features  and I'm too tired
to list them all and so I'll change to the doc of STOOP...

...snap...

Stoop can :

ð Be  used  to determine  which  AUTO  programs, accessories, CPX  modules  and
  NEWDESK.INF files should be active when starting up or re-booting.
ð Control other types  of file (e.g. GDOS, ASSIGN.SYS files) to a maximum of 20
  different types.
ð Display  up to 512 file  names in each  of 20 boards. These boards have to be
  paged to view all of the file names, but paging buttons will only appear when
  they are necessary.
ð Either change the extension of a file  name to make  it active/inactive, e.g.
  ACX is changed to ACC and vice  versa, (the file may be also moved to another
  folder at the same time) this can be done for a maximum of 254 files per file
  type. Or  a single  file can  copied  and renamed  to  a  specific name, e.g.
  C:\AUTO\STOOP\GENERAL.INF may become NEWDESK.INF.
ð Make groups of  files which may be selected or de-selected by a single button
  press, to a  maximum of 50 files per  board  per group, and  since there is a
  maximum of 20 boards a maximum of 1000 files can be assigned per group.
ð Control the  screen  resolution  of the desktop  that appears  after booting,
  including  starting up  in  ST compatible  screens, without  having  to use a
  specific NEWDESK.INF file.
ð Change the application the desktop runs after boot-up.
ð Store often used start-up configurations on buttons, to a maximum of 27.
ð Copy, delete and move folders and files, and also rename files, using its own
  file selector.
ð Re-order the contents of the AUTO folder.
ð Hide files  from  itself so  that  they cannot  be  selected/de-selected  for
  boot-up by error. Up to 50 files can be hidden.
ð Be easily configured while running from the AUTO folder.
ð Pass parameters to applications that are to be auto-booted.
ð Be booted in any resolution on a RGB or VGA monitor.
ð Display  folders instead  of files  in a board, this  is primarily for moving
  folders of  fonts in  and out of  NVDI 3's font directories, which means that
  you can  choose which  fonts to  use  at boot  up more easily  by selecting a
  family or group of fonts with a single mouse click.
ð Protect your system with a password.
ð Now wait  for a set  period and  then, if not  used, it will set up a default
  configuration and exit.
ð Swap preset buttons around.
ð Copy preset buttons.
ð Show an unlimited number of files and folders in the fileselector in a single
  directory, it is now only limited by available memory.
ð Merge and remove file names with/from preset configurations.
ð Change the speaker volume and balance.
ð Turn off the keyclick and the system bell sounds.
ð Change the colours used by Stoop.
ð Select an auto-booting program for a one-off configuration more easily.

...snip...

Huh! This program is fullfilled with features like no otherone! You can install
it over an own installing-program which is easy to handle.
To mention and test the single features would surely blow away this article and
so I'll leave you at this point...
I haven't nothing more to  say. Only one thing...
Only the first view shows that this is the best bootmanager around, even if its
Falcon-only. I for myself prefer the  AIRBAG, because this program is made by a
(ex-)member of .tnb. and its freeware.
A little minus-point of STOOP  is the graphic-interface. Ok, it  looks nice and
colourfull  but when you're  running STOOP on RGB you'll  get a -Troll- because
of the flickering screen.
Now I'll stop this shit. If you haven't any bootmanager installed up to now you
should take a look at this program! It's worth the ten pounds!

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-
