{*f1
         PREVIEW: STRANGE WAR
        ----------------------{*f0

company : Iridium / France
genre   : jump'n'shot
players : 1-2
system  : ST (?), STE or Falcon, 1 MB RAM, TV / RGB-monitor, joystick
release : out now (as shareware (?))

STRANGE WAR is a game  like "Turrican" or "Risky Woods". You have a hereo (or 2
in the two-player-mode) and  must jump  around in a  fantasy-world and  shot up
diverse enemies which are standing in your way or simply hunting for you.
You can  select one of four  different characters  which represent  4 elements:
fire, wind, water and earth.
You can  reach six different attack-levels and 4 different specialweapons. This
you can reach  over killing your enemies. Whenever  you kill one you'll receive
more  lifepoints (= better attack-level). You  can change  your charakter  also
into a ball (like in Turrican 2) and so you can roll away and if  you have more
lifepoints you can also fly in this mode.
In the full version you have  to finish 8 levels and this means very hard work.
Hard work would  you ask? Yes, because the game isn't so good as the first look
seems. Even if the demo-version allows only to play one level for 12 minutes it
was enough for me  to see that  this  game  isn't  so good as the adverts and a
preview in a german magazine have said.
At first, the game doesn't run on every machine, or at least on my 1040 STFM.
On the Falcon the screen flickers sometimes, I don't know why.
Then the grafix aren't very good. There isn't an intro or so and also the menus
looking very simple. In  the game itself the sprites are very big, ok, but they
are only very  little animated and  on big sprites you can see this on the very
first look... The landscape isn't  very detailed, only simple blockgrafix.
Well, in the background were rasters used but this is today a must on the ST.
Then  the sound. I don't know  something about  the sound  on the ST because it
doesn't run on my machine. On the Falcon you can here some modules which aren't
the best I know.
The control over  stick is ok, even  if the use of all the special-weapons is a
bit confusing.
Hum, this  game leaves a  very splitted  impression. At the  one side the game-
principle is very well thought (think on the  different charakters and weapons)
and on the other side the technical  release is only mediocre, even if the game
is low budget respectively shareware. Ok, the programmers had worked for nearly
3 years on this game, but I really don't know what they have done in this time,
because the game leaves also today a very unready impression to me.
At first, as  I had read the review of the game  in a german  papermagazine and
also the adverts  in the same  magazine I've  thought this will be a game which
must be  bought but now I'm glad  that I have seen the  demo-version now and so
that I haven't payed the price of 30 DM for this thing...
Ok, if you're searching for a game like Turrican you should get at first a copy
of the preview  because this  can change your  mind completely. It seems at the
times of good budget-games are over now on the ST...
If you're a Falcon-owner  you should make a  bow around this game, even if such
games are very rare on this machine...

ratings (ST-related)

grafix      :  55 %
musix/fx    :  65 %
playability :  75 %
motivation  :  65 %
--------------------
overall     :  65 %
====================

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-

