COMPUTER JOKES

THE WORLDS BEST COMPUTER JOKES ( OR WORST )

The - carefully unidentified - local government office received and 
put together its computer system. Then eight local government officers
some of them computer specialists played electrician for hours trying 
to get it to work. Whatever they did, nothing seemed to happen. Then  
the office junior came in and turned the screen brightness up.



2. Remove shipping screws. Carefully lift front of computer unit and  
make it stands as bottom of case be vartically face to you and hold 
the unit by one of your hand on the soft surface. Then remove the
shipping screws with a phillips-head screw driver. After it is removed
gently back the unit to lay flat on a firm surface, position the unit
to lay flat on a firm surface, position the printer front be face to 
you.
You may not understand the above, it is a manual for an Amiga printer.



The word processing package on the Apricot PC included a spelling 
checker, so its new owner proudly set out to test it, intentionally
typing.........
' THIS APRICOT IS FULL OF PIPPS!'
On pressing the key for a spelling check, the system replied with its
first message:
'This document contains six words.'
Follwed by:
'Two words are not in my dictionary.'
Then:
'The first word is: PIPPS.'
So far so good.
Finally......
'The second word is: APRICOT.'



A computer was asked why it was that bread always lands on the floor
buttered-side down. Its answer was that the bread was buttered on the
wrong side.



Q:    What's a split second?
A:    It is the amount of time between quitting a program - and 
      realising you have not saved any of the work you have spent the
      last seven hours on.
We have all done this before haven't we.



The computer consultant was very young when he died and went to heaven
where he promptly marched up to St. Peter, and demanded:
"Why me?"
"Well," said St. Peter, punching keys on his VDU, "we've had a look at
your time sheets. "According to our records, the amount of time you   
have been charging clients makes you 82."



She went to a computer dating agency to find the man of her dreams -
tall, blonde, athletic.....
He arrived - short, fat, and bald.
"I don't think much of your computer,"  she complained.
"It's not the computer, it's the programmer."
"And what does he look like?"  she asked.
"short, fat and bald."



An IBM joke:

The little boy asked his rich and indulgent father for a cowboy outfit
for his birthday, so dad went out and bought him IBM.



Technical info:

Advanced Technology: It's too complicated for me

Experience:           Obsolescence

Assembly Language:    Installation leaflet found inside computer packet

Delayed:              Being rewritten

Shipped:              Moved from assembly line to the check-out line  

Installed:            Sitting in crates in the customer's office

Software fault:       See Hardware fault

Hardware fault:       See Software fault


Well thats it for this issue, we hope you liked the jokes and tales.
                             
          
                            MATT and THE AA OF THE COCKNEY REBELS.92
      
