MESSE GREETINGS

THE DEUSSELDORF MESSE GREETINGS AND THANX LIST...


First thing i want to tell before everybody reads this: If you haven't been
to the Deusseldorf messe this year you have missed THE(!!!!) event of the
year. There were lot's of groups, nice people to talk with, swap ideas and
software. But okay, not everybody can pay the trip to Germany and the stay
at the youth hostel. I spoke with a lot of people at the Messe, so many i
may forget someone in the list below. Please forgive me, my memorybank 
was filled so much i even had a stack overflow the day i went home...

Special thanx go to the next two groups because we could use there machines
and room for the interviews and some back_ups.

Animal Mine: Esp. Penguin, Fox , Shadowmaster, JMS and ofcours the rest
             i didn't have a change to speak with...
Detonators : Esp. Beweise and HCL, thanx for the interviews and making
             back_ups for me of the latest demo's.
             Hope to see your drawing program very soon, the .pc1 depacker
             is on his way...

The "normal" messe greetings go to:

The computer family called: SYNERGY SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT.
                            All members special greetings, thanx a smeging
                            bunch for the interviews, see you all at 
                            Eindhoven (i hope). Special thanx to Chrome and
                            Wingleader for not snoring while they were 
                            asleep.       (het snurk idee)

Sentry/HTL                : Esp. to the one and only Eagle, hope you can
                            make a good txt packer for us and thanx for
                            the interview !!!
    
Hemroids (French)         : Esp. the French men, i forgot your name, but
                            good luck with your three girl friends...

Hemroids (Iceland)        : Esp. DURI-17  i really hope you computer is 
                            fixed again soon...

Omega                     : Esp. Haq, mega pre_view of you demo, hope that
                            it will be out soon. I hope you enjoyed yourself
                            with all those crazy dutch people around you !

Sewer Soft (Holland)      : Esp. Lowlife and Iso, hope you can finish the
                            interview soon...
  
Light                     : Esp. Mega Tri, hope the new demo will be ready
                            soon...

D.U.L.L.                  : Esp. The Mister.

TOS Crew                  : Esp. Mr Ni! and Insh Allah

STAX                      : All members, nice meeting you finaly, hope you
                            could use the interviewer for one of you compils

Stranger                  : Thanx for the new intro compil you gave me at the
                            messe.

Atari Corp.               : Nice hardware guys, shame about the software
                            you showed.

Atari Benelux             : Try to give some good answers in the future not
                            only quesses, we can do that ourselves.

BMT                       : Thanx for letting me use your 5 1/4 drive.        
 
Further group i want to greet: The Respectables (esp. Tyrem, Hawkmoon, Duke)
                               Legacy
                               Equinox
                               Delta Force (esp. Big Alec and Flix)
                               Aura (Nice pre_view of your new demo !!!!)
                               Lynx crew 
                               The Giants
                                  
Some people i want to greet,
 
Fury, hope the pictures taken at the youth hostel are any good !!!
Andreas, hope you will find a good group to work in and thanx for using your
         computer.


 
