MESSE SURVIVAL.


HOW TO SURVIVE THE DUESSELDORF MESSE...( and save loads of money too )

Yes there are some things you should know if you are going to Germany to
the Deusseldorf Messe. If you don't know the rules you won't make it until
the next time. This article is very typical to write for a Dutchman, i know
cause everybody thinks that we are very stingy (in dutch that is "gierig").
But we aren't, we are just smart. Why pay to much, you could save it for
something else !!!!!.
Okay here are some very usefull tips:

1) And this in probably the most important one:
   NEVER and i mean NEVER drink cola you buy at the Messe. And by that i
   mean the cola the sell there called AFRI COLA !!!!!.
   How do even dare to call it cola, jjjjjuuuuuggggggg it really sucks you
   know. The best thing you could do is before you go to the Messe is go
   to a supermarket and buy 2 or 3 bottles of real Coca Cola. It doesn't
   only tast better, its much cheaper too !!!!!!! A bottle of AFRI cola
   will cost you 3,50 DM and you get about 0,33 litre. In the supermarket
   you can buy a whole litre for say about 2,60 DM including the deposit.

2) Almost the same thing goes for bread. Okay so it tastes good but the
   prices they ask for it are way to high !!!. One roll ( thats a small
   bread) will cost you about 4 DM, normaly you could buy it for less then
   2 DM. So if you are only staying for one day i suggest you take some
   thing to eat with you from home.

3) If you enter the Messe you will ofcourse have to buy a ticket. For a
   student ticket you will have to pay 4 DM, for a normal adult ticket
   they will charge you a massive 8 DM. For quick minds, that double the
   price for the same thing. So here is some advise, always try to get a
   student ticket, by saying " ICH BIN EIN STUDENT " or say " EINMAL EIN   
   STUDENTEN KARTE BITTE ". I suggest you try saying it a few times so
   you will lose a bit of your accent. They will also try to ask for some
   sort of I.D. to prove that you are a student. A passport will do most
   of the time. But if you are a bit older to be a student, just do as if
   you are searching for it in your bag and pockets. Most of the time there
   will grow a big line of people behind you and they will believe you just
   to get rid of you.
   Man with long beards, childeren on there neck or woman better not try 
   this, they probably won't believe it anyway.

4) If you are looking for the newest demo's try to find a place were much
   people stand with nice looking t shirts on.  The changes that you will
   find it there are very big. Look for a stand called "Funny Bits" or some
   thing alike will be a good start. The stand owners are most of the time
   a part of a better known group in the demo scene. So it is most likely
   that the newest demo's will be released there. Don't try to get the best
   stuff on stands like ACN Public Domain, most of the time they own old 
   demo's or cheapy kind of porno slideshows but will rip you off for a
   big amout of DM's. ( want als we jullie iets nieuws opsturen dan plaatsen
   jullie het toch niet E*kels). Sorry that was something in dutch for the
   ACN P.D. group.

5) If you or your group have made a demo try to release it at the Messe.
   This is the best way to enter a stand were you can buy other demo's cause
   this way you will also get something for free. The group that sells
   the demo's is always looking for new good stuff they can sell/swap to
   other people. And this is also the best way to spread a demo, lots of
   people will get it this way...

6) Before buying anything like hardware or software walk over the complete
   Messe. Most of the time there a several firms selling the same product
   for different prices. If you are looking for something special then
   i suggest you write down the name of the firm and the prices they ask
   for this item. If you do that with every firm you will have a good view
   over the price if you have seen the whole Messe. This way you can save
   lots of money. Example at one stand the disks were 14,95 DM, the same
   disks three stand further were 12,95 DM. You see another 2 DM saved.
   It might not seem much but i can assure you it's a bit closer to a Falcon
   again. I mean, buy 10 boxes and you will already save 20 DM, well how is
   that for starters !!!!!!!!
   Or even better: Das Profibuch fur ST/STE/TT. One firm is selling it for
   79 DM another one was selling the same book for 65 DM !!!!!
   Do i have to say more ??????

7) It looks a bit like 6 but take a close look at some of the Messe special
   offers. Firms always makes special prices for these days. Like Hi Soft
   basic 2.02. On the Messe we could get it for 148 DM, normal price over
   200 DM. Now thats what i call an special offer !!!!!

8) If you are thinking of getting some special hardware, look if there is a
   stand of the firm that makes it. Most of the time special hardware items
   can only be bought trough postorders companies or something like that.
   The only thing then is, will it do what you want, does it work on your
   computer too and many many more questions that will be un answered.
   So here is you chance all you questions so don't be afraid to ask cause
   thats the reason that these peole are here.
   Even if you don't want to buy it right away but in the near future you
   could ask them about it. This way you will know if this is what you have 
   been looking for.
   And you could compare some different models, level out the good and the
   best sides of each item. Only this way you will get best value for money.

So you see you can save a lot of money if you want to and so you can 
afford a Falcon even sooner then you thought.

Well sofar for this time, i hope you will have some use for these tips at
the next Duesseldorf Messe or anyother special Atari Messe/Market.
Some of these tips might seem very obvious, but i still see lots of people
make the same mistake again. They get in to the Messe, start off with buying
what they want, just to see that an hour later or some stands further the
same itwem is much cheaper/better. So there you go.....


                                        Bonus Software

 
