MATTPOEM
* * * * * *  Christmas poem supplied by MATT of the Untouchables * * * * * *

                           NOCHE  BUENO
                          --------------

         It was the night before Christmas, and all through the casa
        Not a creature was stirring.  Caramba!  Que pasa?
        Los ninos were all tucked away in their camas,
        Some in long calzones, some in pajamas.

        While Mama worked late in her little cocina,
        El viejo was down at the corner cantina
        Living it up with amigos.  Carracho!
        Muy contento and poco borracho!

        While hanging the stockings with mucho cuidado
        In hopes that old Santa would feel obligado
        To bring all the ninos, both buenos and malos,
        A nice bunch of dulces and other regalos.

        Outside in the yard there arose such a grito
        That I jumped to my feet like a frightened cabrito.
        I ran to the window and looked out afuera,
        And who in the world do you think that it era?

        Saint Nick in a sleigh and a big red sombrero
        Came dashing along like a crazy bombero.
        And pulling his sleigh, instead of venados,
        Were eight little burros, approaching volados.

        I watched as they came, and this quaint little hombre
        Was shouting and whistling and calling by nombre
        "Ay, Pancho!    Ay, Pepe!    Ay, Cuca!    Ay, Beto!
        Ay, Chato!      Ay, Chopo!     Maruca y Nieto!"

        Then, standing erect with his hand on his pecho,
        He flew to the top of our very own techo.
        With his round little belly like a bowl of jalea
        He struggled to squeeze down our old chiminea.

        Then, huffing and puffing, at last to our sala
        With soot smeared all over his red suit de gala,
        He filled all the stockings with lovely regalos
        For none of los ninos had been very malos.

        Then chuckling aloud, seeming muy contento,
        He turned like a flash and was gone like the viento.
        And I heard him exclaim -- and this is verdad --
        "Merry Christmas to all!  Feliz Navidad!"




