
                           - Let's have a party! -
                   -  - SiliConvention '97 in Bremen -  -

                           ..mOd's personal view..


This article  contains my  very subjective view on the things  that happened at
and around  the SiliConvention. I  think that it sounds much more personal when
I'm not  only writing that "who-what-where" kind of stuff, but telling you also
some things that are not that essential for a party-report, but funny, anyway.

Okay, let's start with Friday, 28th of March 1997...

I woke up  at 4:30am because  of some strange  noises coming from outside. Hmm,
what  was that?! Sounded  terrible! I  stood up and  walked to  the window. The
things I  saw looked like a  premature Armourgeddon (shouldn't this  be in some
hundred years, actually?;) - there was a storm and it rained cats and dogs.
Some garbage  cans were fallen to the ground and the rubbish, esp. papers, were
hurling through the air. - A nice day for a trip, isn't it?
So I  went  to the station, shaked  by this  strange  weather... Looking at the
timetible  I realized  that my  train would arrive  not at 8:34am, but some 140
minutes  later because of  an damaged overhead  line. Damn! Even if the station
had  a roof, it  was  cold  standing  there. Eventually, at  10:50am the  train
entered the station. I heaved a sigh of relief when the wagon started: "Bremen,
I'm coming!". But if  you think that  my situation now  became much better, you
are so wrong! Okay, it was cosy (or at least warm and clean) in this train, but
there  was a man  by the  age of  maybe 50  years, who  immediately  started to
prattle. Till  we  arrived  in  Helmstedt (that  was  two  hours  after we left
Leipzig) he told me his whole life-story, how hard it is for  him to find a job
and  that  we  need  a  revolution  to  become  affluent again. After trying to
contradict him with convincing  arguments, I refused because  he did not listen
to  my  explanations. From  this  point  I  only  said "Hmm", "Yes..." or  just
nothing. Lucky me when he left the train in Helmstedt!

The train arrived  in Bremen at 15:30am - it was raining (as always?). I bought
a ticket for the tram with costed about 3.20DM :( and entered the tram number 1
to  Aarsten. I  left the  streetcar at  Kattenturm  Mitte  and  looked  for the
promised signs showing the way to the party. But there were no such things!
Again: Damn! I asked some old women (are there  only old women in  this part of
Bremen?!?) but they had no idea, maybe because they did  not understand my pure
German language ;). Finally I found a woman with a little  dog who knew the way
to the "Gemeinschaftszentrum", at least that's what she said to me. She told me
to lend  her my arm and  we walked some  10 minutes through the streaming rain,
before I had  some doubts  about the  appropriateness of that  way. I asked her
again if we are on the right way and she  just said: "Hmm, not  at all. I don't
know where this builing is situated. But what I know is  that we are only a few
meters  away from  my flat. Thank  you for  accompanying me. You must know that
this part  of the city  has a high crime-rate, so thank you again!" - Damn, for
the 3rd time. :( Half  an hour later  I finally  found the  building  where the 
party  supposed  to  take  place. I  entered the  door and  after  telling  the
organizers  my name, I got a  sticker of the SiliCon, showing that I'm a member
of the crowd. Samurai/Inter told me the way to my crew, which I found badly.
The  first  guys  in  the  room  who  recognized  me  were  Mc Laser/.tSSc. and
No/Escape. So I went through the room and  said "Hello" to a everybody. Finally
was in front  of the table of Dynacore and Scy of .tSCc. I just stood there and
said nothing. Scy looked me up and down a bit, though about who I could be.
"Well, I've seen  this face before, haven't I? No, I never saw you. Who are you
guy? Is it a must to know you?". Can you image  how funny  it was to  introduce
him that I'm the painter of his group? We all had a good laugh!

Okay, now  it was time  to check  out the party-place. The two-floor-building -
which is  mainly used as a  kindergarden (?) - had lots of big and small rooms,
a little disco, some quite sleeping-rooms and a big competition-hall.
Unfortunately the bathrooms (I've seen only one on our floor) were rather small.
Only two  sinks for  the whole  Atari-scene, that's  surely not  enough, even if
some of the guys had no motivation for washing themselves through these days. ;)
But in the end I have to admit that it was the nicest party-area I've ever been.
In the  corridor, just on  the way to the  Atari-rooms, the realtime-computer of
the  UnderCover Magazine  was installed - and there was a huge amount of chappos
writing their comment. Cool. Hmm, let's follow me through  the virtual described
world of the SiliCon-Atari-area!
At the moment we are standing right before the  realtime-articel-computer. As we
turn to  the left we can  see the door of the bath. But we want to check out the
party-people. Just  move forward and  turn to the left again, you can see a long
corridor  now. The first  door to  the right  is the  area of the Skandinavians,
which  are some  guys of  No Crew and  DHS (Hi! evil and loke). This room is the
most peculiar of them all. There are big NO CREW-banners on the walls, some guys
are juggling  all the time  with different  things and from time to time you can
even  listen to  some  strange Swedish  music. But  somehow these pals are a bit
incommunicado. At  least that's  what I realized; except  evil/DHS: he showed my
some truely  fine effects, e.g. the best bumpmapper I've ever seen, that will be
included in their forthcoming demo.
The second room  on the right  side of the corridor is a bit bigger than the one
of  the Swedish. Here we  can  find the guys  from .tnb. (Drizzt and Flash), The
Running  Design  Team  (including  Stax),  three  (or  four?) guys  from  Poland
(including Grey/Shadows) and some freaks from the PC.
The  third  room contains  Tat/Avena  and Mr. Pink/Reservoir Gods (only  for the
first night, then  they moved to the corridor due to the electricity-standstills
that happened  nearly every hour), Lazer (I only  remember Martina, Stax and the
Photon), Absence (TiN, Bull, Stallion) and Inter (LoST, Questor, Samurai).
Almost the whole  time till sunday morning Tat was coding for his demo. Mr. Pink
showed  me a preview  of the next  Reservoir Gods-game, which  is in Spy Hunter-
style. He is also working on a Game Boy emulator, or at least on the debugger of
it. But as he  told me, this  thing will  be out  around late  summer. (btw: the
things I've seen were promising! Keep on the good work!)
Okay, let's  go back to the realtime-article-computer and turn some 180'. On the
right side we can see another room with a big atARi-flag above its entrance.
This is  the room  of the  freaks from  the Netherlands, coming  straight to the
party with  their mobile  homes ;) No, just  joking! There  I met some guys from
FUN (Wingleader and The Match), Earchaeopteryx, The  Giants and  Sentry. I guess
it were some pals from Giants that were working on the LED-demo...
At the end  of this corridor  there's a  rather big room (btw the room where the
biggest  part of  the scene was  situated at  Fried Bits 3), home of the smoky;)
Therapy from Germany. The rest of the room was besieged by some PC-crews.

Let's stop this virtual trip and go back to a retrospective view...

The night from  friday to saturday we (=.tSCc.) worked for our 96k intro, which
was not  ready at  the deadline  due to  my damn  design-spleen. :( So we asked
Coke/Absence  if we could  have some more  time and he gave us 1 3/4 hours. But
again, this  was not enough. We  just ignored the new deadline and finished the
intro till 01:30pm. (because Scy and Dyna were too tired, Mc Laser and I had to
time the  demo in Assembler, which was really hard for us non-coders. So please
don't be too  critical about  the lame timing. Sometimes it works, sometimes it
doesn't) After having an hour of sleep, Mc Laser woke  me up. The first part of
the competition  was about  to begin! So we entered  the dark compo-hall, which
was  already crowded. The  first competition was the one for 4-channel-modules,
which  were mostly  techno- or  dance-musics. After  that came the render-compo
with four or  five nice pieces (esp. I liked the one by  Samurai/Inter, showing
a picture  of their forthcoming PC-game in "Dynabusters"-style) followed by the
Multichannel-compo, which  featured some  really nice tunes. Then there was the
Grafix competition  with five or six entries (unfortunately a.-t-'s great piece
of work was a bit too dark for  the RGB-projector) and the C64-music compo with
the greatest chiptunes I ever listened to. Between the competition-parts little
self-made films were presented, showing TiN and Bull from Absence together with
an other guy making strange things like "extreme packing", "extreme hexdumping"
"extreme keyboarding", "extreme debugging", "extreme C64-ing", "extreme screen-
grabbing" and "extreme doom-ing" in  real  life, followed  by  loud  shouts  of
"Terror!" which became the most memorable word of the whole party. Just to tell
you one of these episodes: "Exreme packing" - the three madmans, wearing whigs,
beards  and  funny  clothes, telling  the  audience  that  they  have  invented
something  new. Whilst  showing a sheet of paper with "extreme packing"-logo on
it into  the camera, they're  shouting  the  same, followed  by "Terror!". Next
thing  we can  see is  TiN holding  a litte parcel  and putting  it down to the
ground. Then two  of the guys take the third by the arms and legs and force him
into  the litte  parcel with  hammers and  other  tools. Lots of blood, lots of
"Terror"- and "Ouch!"-shouts, then  it is done: they  present a parcel with one
shoe coming out of it, scream "extrem packing! Terror!" and the spot is over.
The reactions in the audience were incredible! That's the computer-scene...
Crime-addicted, blood-thirsty sadists ;)) But it was funny, anyway.

After some  hours of waiting, another part of the competition began. Due to the
fact that it was 2 o'clock in the  morning, I  don't remember that good. I only
know that the  intros were shown. Unfortunately not in seperate competions, but
in one for  all systems. (only  because of the fact that there weren't not even
two entries on some systems. Grrmmpf...)

Finally I went  to bed at 3am. The sleeping-room was already crowded and one of
the Swedish guys snored loudly, but I was too tired to think about it... Zzz.

I woke up  around 10 o'clock  in the morning  because of some guys that smashed
the door when they left  the room. So I went  back to the  party-area, but only
less  freaks  were  present. Most  of  them  were  still sleeping. Taking Scy's
Camcorder, I  walked  through all the  rooms and  talked a lot with the present
guys. Well, that was my day till evening came. It was competition-time again!
This time  they showed the Acorn-, Fake-, C64- and Falcon-demos. The things for
Acorn were quite okay, but due to the powerful performance of its CPU they were
not that  impressing. Mostly  extremely big vectors where shown. The Fake-compo
had five entries. The entries from PC and Amiga were too good for a fakedemo.
They had cool sound and neat design, thing that a fake-demo shouldn't have. The
first ray  of light  was the "thing" by Cream, coded by a.-t-, accompanied by a
great tune by Tao. ;) The demo was a lame copy of Avena's "Sonolumineszenz".
Especially  I  liked  the  marvellous  design. Next  entry  was  called "Bienen
geklont" on C64, which means as much as "bees cloned". You could  see some bees
flying through the air, falling to the ground after some time. Cool. Last thing
was a demo  by "Hans Meiser project" (you  must  know that H.M. is a famous but
sloppy talkmaster). Unfortunately I cannot remember this screen. :(
The C64 competition began with a techno-demo by Pulse, followed by a lame Basic
demo from Ultimate. Finally  there was  a truely long and outstanding by a crew
called Plush. They  did all the fx we can see on our 'big' 16 bit-machines on a
simple C64! Respect to these guys, even if they will never read this text.
Last competition was the one we've waited for such a long time: the Falcon demo
competition. There  were five entries: Therapy's demo  called "Eggstacy", which
was a bit buggy (but I'm  sure it will be a  terrific thing when it is ready!),
Escape's "Sili Con Carne", including some rather cool and never  shown effects,
together with  a pretty nice soundtrack, "IT" by Shadows with lots of 3d-stuff, 
"Ignis" by  Pandemonium, whose  attitudes are a bit strange (just read the test
of the  demo in this  issue! Just  balance for  the 4k-demo by Spirits?!?;) and
finally  the demo by Tat/Avena  which was  a real smash! I've never seen such a
cool demo  on Falcon. The 3d's are great and the soundtrack is brilliant! Great
thing! So, this  was it for the  second part of the competitions. Late at night
there was  another part  with the wild- and the  surprise-competitions. Firstly
the  surprise-competition  took  place:  juggling.  Voluntaries  could  compete
against  one guy from  No Crew, who  was a pro in juggling. All of the guys did
their  best and  got little  presents (Calvin  Klein pants). In the end of that
part, the host  had another present  but there  was not  another juggler. So he
announced to  the audience that the guy who wears this girl-underwear would get
it. You can't  image the atmosphere  when Bull/Absence  accepted. It was fun to
see his beautiful hairy legs. ;) Respect for his courage!
After that the  wild-competition began. Unfortunately I can only remember three
entries. The  first was a  funny self-made  movie about  the day of a coder who
wants  to  change his  grades with  the school-computers. Although  it  was not
possible to understand the German text, the pictures shown did their part.
Next entry  was another part of the "extreme"-series, this time it was "extreme
dooming" with  lots of blood and  a  chainsaw. The crowd became mad! Last entry
was a live-performance by  Tommy/Avena and  an other musician, working on their
keyboard and  303. But  somehow thing didn't worked as they should, so the show
wasn't perfect.
After  that we  went back  to our  floor  and  showed some  Falcon-demos to the
members of Plush from C64. At 7:30am in nearly crashed with my head upon Dyna's
computer, so  I thought  it would be  the best to sleep awhile. After less than
two  hours I  woke up  because the  evaluation of  the competitions supposed to
begin. But  as always, it  was just a rumour, and we had to wait an hour before
entering the compo-hall.

The winning-ceremony: what  should  I write? Tat won  the demo-compo, a.-t- the
render-compo, Drizzt  the intro-compo (to  be honest: never  seen  disappointed
.tSCc.-members? In  that  moment  you  had  the  possibility :(), Llama won the
coding-compo  (never  seen  euphoric  .tSCc.-members?   Now...;),  Front 6  the
Multichannel-compo  and Plush  the C64-compo. Prizes  for the  big competitions
where  Playstations (and  one  Sega Saturn), magazines  and  software  for  the
'smaller' ones. After  that I  left immediatly, because  my train  was about to
arrive in only a few minutes. The rest is surely not of interest. The train was
full, I  had to stand  all the way back home. Damn. But it was maybe the nicest
time I ever had on computer-parties. 'Hope to see you all next year!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 - nO pROm!Ses -                                          mOd/.tSCc. - 03-04-97
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
