-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       VOLCANIC PARTY III - A NOZOR STORY

                                                           By The Beast/Typhoon

The Volcanic Party III  is a multi-machine  coding party  organized  by Mentasm
from  february 21st to february  24th in  this  glorious  year of 1997. It took
place in a little town called "Pont-du-Chƒteau", near the center of the France.
This  year, there  were  about 250  computer  addicts. The  room  is in  fact a
gymnasium and it  was  quite  small... but we don't care because it was a funny
coding party! 
Why the name "Volcanic"? Well, that's because the little town was situated near
volcanoes (called Auvergne's volcanoes). Hey... don't be afraid: those are  OLD
volcanoes! (but who cares ???)

(Note : this article is the english translation  of an article  I wrote for the
        world famous  Toxic  Mag (13th issue)... My  english is  quite horrible
        but... I hope all we be OK!)

Ze Beginning
------------

All started on  a very beautiful day, at 8 o'clock.  I had to meet Blue (he has
coded a  screen for  the European Demos  by Overlanders... now he owns a Falcon
and  still codes in assembler). Well, I arrived quite late and Blue was waiting
for me with 6 others guys (PC and Amiga owners). Blue has got a friend who is a
coder on Falcon and, as this guy doesn't have a car, we went to his home. Well,
we  were  ready to  go, we  were 8  guys  and  only 3  cars (everybody brings a
computer and a monitor!)!!! How mad we were!  8-)
We arrived  in Pont-du-Chateau  at 13h30 (1:30 PM). Even if the party has begun
at 10h00 (10:00 AM), it's full of people!  Happily, I've reserved 10 places for
ST freaks (NLC, SECTOR ONE, ATROCITY, TYPHOON...) but  some of them didn't come
(as all  Atrocity  members or  Supernova/Supremacy). Blue  and his friends have
reserved a lot of places, but they were far from us (what a shame)!!!

The  first  day  was quite... spooky! There  were loads  of power  cuts  during
hours... so  I walked in  the party room to see if there were persons I knew...
but without a success! I saw tons of PC's, lots of Amigas and only a few Ataris
(about 15 Falcons and 3 ST's). PC sucks! The places I've reserved were situated
near a  door (the temperature was... brrrr... quite cold) and near an  enormous
loudspeaker (it  hurted our  ears and  our  brains  during 3  days, but  that's
another story, pals !).

In the  middle of  the afternoon, the  two stars of the Atari scene walked into
the room  of the party: that's  Hello and STGhost/Sector One! ST Survivor  from
NLC was only  arrived at the  beginning of  the evening (with short hair!) with
his STE and his *.FLI player (his Playstation ! 8-)) and he was followed by the
biggest playboys in the world: Senser/Typhoon and his mates! STGhost and Senser
brought  MIDI cables  to link computers  but we never did it because we did not
think about it (or we didn't  really want to  do it...).  Well, when  the power
cuts finished, everybody started to do his favourite tasks : STGhost was  still
improving  AVI030 on  Falcon, ST Survivor  played at  Tomb Raider  on  his .FLI
player  and Senser was  chating with  friendly Amiga owners. Nothing surprising
happened  the   first  day   and  the  giant  screen (7.5 x 5.5 meters)  stayed
mysteriously silent.

On the second  day, competitions  took place (see below). The volume was really
to  HIGH (remember  I  was  near  a  loudspeaker). Some  words  about  the very
fantastic  intro of the party, made with synthesis animations. Made by Mentasm,
this  intro  tells  us  the  story  of  the  Nozors (little dinosaurs... do you
remember Bubble & Bobble?) going into a party and they begin to dance and to be
a  little bit  like fools (with  a stunning 4  voices module). This brilliant 6
minutes  animation  was converted into AVI format (the total lenght of the file
is 169.533.952 bytes and the whole file is on my hard disk!).  STGhost tried to
modify his AVI player (AVI030) in order to play the "iv32" sub-format, but what
a pain  because that's  a 32 bits format  and the Falcon is too slow to display
the  gfx & the  tune even  with  an accelerating  card! Concerning  the  music,
STGhost  told me  that the  DSP was receiving 80 Kbytes of datas per second and
that's  enormous for  it! But  STGhost  isn't a  looser and, at  the end of the
party, he  succeeded into playing the music in 50 KHz and 16 bits  stereo! Hey,
STGhost, now the 68030 have to decompress the graphics without slowing down!

Between the  popular  competitions (there  were a lot  of guys sit on chairs in
front  of  the  giant screen) and  the movies  displayed  on  that  screen, the
ambience was  really  at the top on saturday and sunday.  The organizators have
created  a  net in  the room, so  every PC owner  with an  Ethernet  card could
download  or upload lots and tons of interesting things.  A  guy called Dr Yes/
Ribbon  copied me  the fabulous  AVI animation  on 2  ZIP disks (now, I'm  just
waiting for  the final version  of AVI030 by STGhost!).  What were the computer
freaks  doing? Some  of them  were copying from  a SCSI drive  to another  SCSI
drive,  others   were  drawing,  doing  synthesis  pictures,  playing,  coding,
destroying ears with tekkno tune and so on: a lot of people enjoyed this coding
party!

On sunday, after  the results, almost everybody went back to home... Only about
50 persons  left in the room  until monday. This year the results took place at
17h00 (5:00 PM) instead of 23h (11:00 PM) last years!

On monday (or  sunday night), at 1h00 (1:00 AM), mad  guys on PC (normal!) were
organizing a delirious  karaoke with  tunes coming  from old  Japanese cartoons
(but the  songs were in French).  My eyelids are getting heavier and heavier...
Suddenly, one of the organizators tolds us that there were problems outside the
room with  stolen  car radios so, before sleeping, I went outdoors with STGhost
but nothing  serious : one of the organizators had the lock of his  car's  door
being forced but that's all... Well, I really needed sleeping so I went indoors
and...rrr...zzz...rrr...zzz... 4 hours later (5h45 (5:45 AM)), Blue waked me up
because he wanted to go back to home now (he told me that it might have traffic
jams  on  the road). Still  sleeping (in  French we say: "avoir la tˆte dans le
cul", in  English: "to  have the  head in  his ass"!), I walked slowly  to  the
coffee  distributor. Only  10 or 15  persons  were still  alive, the other ones
(such as Sector One members) were sleeping.  I took the realtime article before
quitting, I  say good bye to all the guys I knew and we were ready to leave the
party. Well what's happened later surely won't interest you, so I stop here!
And now...

Ze People
---------

Some words about the persons I met and who are (or were) active on Atari:

- ST Survivor : with his short hair (during the Gigafun he had long hair). He's
  copied a lot of ST demos during the party and seemed to be very proud of it!
- Senser: the  only guy with an STE and an A1200 but only one monitor (this man
  is very strong!). As he talked a lot with Amiga coders, I saw his name in the
  greetings list of some Amiga demos during the competition... I don't know how
  did he manage to do it but... this man IS very strong!  8-)
- Sector One : they  came with tons of equipments, as always! I've taken photo-
  graphs and scanned them in JPEG format, so just ask them to me or to MC Laser
  of .tSCc. (I send them to him).
- Blue and  his  friend Jay, both coding on Falcon. They weren't able to finish
  their intro  for the party (and a BIG one because they would like to make a 2
  Mbytes intro! How made are they !)...
- The STraTOS  reporter : he came to write an article for STraTOS, a new French
  Atari magazine (with a CD-Rom inside). Cool guy.
- Zerkman and  KOR : they're members of Trisomic Developments  (remember  Videl
  Inside or Alpha Viewer).  They're cool guys too, but all the Atari lovers are
  cool guys anyways because the nasty ones are on PC now... ;-)
- Popsy Team : the only crew that has coded something for  the competition! One
  of the  members told me they would like to organize a coding party near Lyons
  (a French town situated near Switzerland and Germany)... kewl!
- Zappy (ex Holocaust member) : he seemed to be very interested by all  the new
  demos and intros  we (ST Survivor  and I) have shown him (.tSCc. Module Disks
  intros, .tnb. Undercover Mag. #7 intro, Cream productions, etc.).  Now, Zappy
  is a coder in Bomb (a PC crew).
- Patapom (ex Aardschock/Hemoroids): funny  hair! Now  he is on  PC and doesn't
  want to go back on the ST scene... 8-(
- Ribbon members (they made demos on ST): now they're on PC, they're nice guys.
  Po‹ Po‹ has coded a PC intro in Turbo Pascal for the party and he has won the
  1st price... Aaaarrrgghhh !
- DNT Crew and Scarface members: apparently, they're  now on PC. Joe K-Mel from
  Scarface  has made a  PC demo to  participate to the competition. I've seen a
  DNT Crew  member (perhaps Flips) with  a portative PC... DNT Crew left the ST
  scene?
- And other  guys  I didn't know.  Some of them brang their MIDI equipments and
  were making noise with!

Ze Compets
----------

     4 voices modules
     ----------------

A lot of tunes (11) with a lot of tekkno stuff. This year: enough tekkno!
(the winning musics aren't tekkno tunes !). The winners were :

1 - Maf/Silicon with Tuturne Land (the music of the Gloop Demo by the Misfits
    (on Falcon))
2 - Traven with Groove Spirit
3 - Tex/Mankind with Guitarguit

     Multi channels tunezz
     ---------------------

Sorry, but  I was busy  with my  ZIP drive and I was chating with  Poi Poi from
Ribbon... so I couldn't hear the tunes! Here are the winners:

1 - Hiscan
2 - The Killer
3 - Cortex/Myopath Crew

     64 Kb intros
     ------------

Because of the little number of intros (2 for PC, 1 for Amiga and 1 for Falcon)
there was only one competition (multi-machines). The intros are:

- Pulpina by Ribbon (PC)
- Kelaipatoptop by Myopath Crew (PC)
- Kiki by Kiki (Amiga)
- Falcon Intro by Popsy Team (Falcon)

PC intros were quite good but the other ones were shitty productions... 8-)
Here are the winners :

1 - Pulpina by Ribbon
2 - Kelaipatoptop by Myopath Crew

     Bitmap GFX
     ----------

There were  19 pictures, very  different between them (they represented various
things: lands, portraits, etc.). And the happy winners are:

1 - Made/Bomb
2 - Zack/Edena
3 - Krabob/Mankind

     Synthesis GFX
     -------------

Lots of participations too (11), so here are the winners:

1 - Boz/Arkham
2 - Dragon
3 - Anthony/Pulse

     Synthesis animations
     --------------------

Well, I must admit  I was sleeping  because this  competition took  place at 5h
(5:00 AM) ! The winners are :

1 - Saturne crew
2 - Beau des Champs

     Wild Compo
     ----------

Some of  the VHS  cassettes were  very  funny. I  couldn't  look at these video
cassettes  because  I  was with Popsy Team members and we were copying our hard
disks (but this doesn't concern you!)... The winners are:

1 - Craignos 1999 by Saturne Crew (a big delirium!)
2 - Scarface (I've forgotten the title of their "production", sorry!)

     Amiga Demos
     -----------

The competition  was too late (4h or 4:00 AM) but I wasn't asleep because there
was Mortal Kombat on the giant screen! Here are the winners:

1 - Tchitchi Demo by Kiki (a VERY delirious demo!)
2 - Blackup by Ramses

     PC Demos
     --------

They were numerous (9), here are the winners:

1 - Shian Lee by Bomb (a stunning demo coded by Zappy and Patapom!)
2 - Cyborg (JFF)
3 - Dawn Scared (Arkham)

     Falcon Demos
     ------------

No, I'm joking... No Falcon demos... 8-(

Ze Suprise-Competitions
-----------------------

Sunday at 13  o'clock (1:00 PM), the  organizators have decided to make strange
competitions... The  first one  consisted  in drawing a Nozor in 320x200 and 23
colours (???). There  were two  winners. The  first  one has  drawn  two Nozors
fucking a pig (excellent) and  the other  one has drawn a Nozor sleeping on his
computer.

The aim of other  competition was to code a 23 Kb intro. These intros were good
except an  excellent one (coded  on Amiga): imagine  a 3D lightsourced rotating
Nozor in less than 23 Kb !

And the  last competition  was a music competition in 23 Kb. Ribbon members (Dr
Yes and Po‹ Po‹) won this competition with adaptations from old ST tunes!

Ze Conclusion
-------------

The Volcanic Party 3, it was also:

* movies displayed on the giant screen (True Lies, Mortal Kombat, Dune, etc.)
* Imagina 97
* tons of Amiga and PC demos
* sandwiches, always sandwiches
* girlzz!
* and the NOZORS!!!

Well, I will be back next year for the Volcanic Party 4!!!

Sorry for  my quite  bad  English... and  many  thanks to  my "Harrap's Shorter
Dictionnaire"!
To get in touch with me, write to :
  PEREZ St‚phane
  328, Les Hauts du Louvarou
  38560 HAUTE-JARRIE
  FRANCE
  (beast@netfront.fr)

Bye, pals!
