NON CODERS STOS
-----------------------------------------------------------------
                     For The Non Programmer 
-----------------------------------------------------------------

In this issues STOS lesson is an intro that even one who are  new 
in  the field of coding can use.  The intros gfx and sound is  in 
separate  files and you can therefore change the looks and  sound 
of the intro without any knowledge about coding.

You needs STOS to load and compile this intro.  You also needs to 
know a bit about basic to change the text page in the beginning.


How To Change The Music:

The  intro loads any THK sound file with the name 'TEST1.THK'  as 
long as it isn't longer than 18000b (18kb). So the only thing you 
have  to do is find a Megatizer song you likes,  save it  in  THK 
format if it ist in it already and rename it to 'TEST1.THK'.

  

How To Change The GFX:

The  gfx  can  be  found  in the  STOS  folder  ubnder  the  name 
'DBAINT.NEO'  it  is  in standard NEO format so  all  gfx  progys 
should be able to load it.

When you have loaded the pic it would be smart to change colour 0 
to another colour than black so you can differentiate it from the 
other black.  Colour 0 is the 'See Through' colour and  shouldn't 
be used as a part of an image.


The Wave 'Road'

This  is  blocks that forms the in/out waving DBA logo  they  are 
inside x0,y0 - x64,x40.  You can change these if you like but you 
can  only use colours 0-7 as the fourth bitplane is used  by  the 
DBA  logo.  You can flip all or parts of these blocks around  but 
dont move them outside the designated areas,  remember that  they 
should always be inside a x16 y8 blocked area  as this is the way 
they are used by the prog.

Block Setup 

Yrow 1: y0-y7       Xrow 1: x0-x15
Yrow 2: y10-y15     Xrow 2: x16-x31
Yrow 3: y20-y23     Xrow 3: x32-x47
Yrow 4: y30-y31     Xrow 4: x48-y63
Yrow 5: y32-Y39

The DBA Logo

The DBA logo can be found inside x256,y0 - x320,y200.  This is  a 
one bitplane logo so use the colour i have used (any colour  from 
8 to 15 will do).  There is no point in changing colour as it  is 
irelevant  for  the outcome,  the only effect is  that  it  might 
disappear.  You  have to keep within a block/grid of x16  y8   to 
fit  them with the 'road'.  The effect of this bitplane  logo  is 
that it changes colour 0 to colour 8,  colour 1 to colour 9  etc. 
thereby making it look like there are two types of blocks in  the 
road,  one using colours 0-7 and one using colours 8-15. Remember 
to use colour 0 as the other colour in this logo.

When you run the intro it looks like i updates the entire  'road' 
each  update,  but i only scrolls the 'road' eight pix upwards  and 
inserts a new 'road' block at the end. The one bit logo acts as a 
filter and changes the colours of those 'road' blocks below it so 
it  seems like there is a DBA logo made up of different  coloured 
blocks in the 'road'. 

To  understand how it works make a mess inside the DBA logo  area 
with a colour between 8 and 15 and see how it looks in the intro.


Borders/Dividers 

The  scrolling borders are made up of 9 animated blocks that  you 
can  find  inside  the  area  x80,y0  -  x208,y15.  If  you  dont 
understand how these works then leave them alone.  You can change 
the colours without destroying the scrolling and you can use  all 
the colours you like.


Network Logo

This  one is easy,  the logo found inside x0,y50 - x208,y82 is  a 
simple  gfx  block and you can put anything in it as it  is  just 
copied into the intro without any fancy stuff done to it. You can 
use all the colours you likes.


Wiggle BG

The background to the wiggling text can be found inside x0,y100 - 
x16,y108.  As you can see it is very small,  you can use all  the 
colours  you  likes in this bg but it would be wise to  use  dark 
ones to avoid it from overshining the text.  The upper and  lower 
edge and the left and right edge has to fit together. 


Wiggle Text

The wiggle text can be found inside x0,y192 - x64,y200.  This  is 
more or less the same as with the bg but you must remember to use 
colour 0 to make it possible for the bg to be shown (the bg  will 
be shown through all pix drawn with colour 0).  Also remember  to 
leave  some  room in the left or right edges to  make  some  room 
between the words.


Colours

The  intro uses the colours from this picture so you  can  change 
the intro colours by changing the colour in this  pic.  (remember 
to  set colour 0 back to black before saving) But  remember  that 
due  to the 1 bitplane logo all colours from 0 to 7 should be  of 
one  shade  while the colours from 8 to 15 should be in  a  shade 
that differentiates it from the others.  


Errors 

The  intro starts but bombs out soon after:  The music is  either 
larger than 18kb or of the wrong type.

You  get  an  error  48:  the  intro  cant  find  'TEST1.THK'  or 
'DBAINT.NEO'

The  Borders/dividers  acts  strangely:  you  have  changed  them 
without knowing what you are doing or by pure accident.

Some of the blocks in the 'road' has two colours: Your changes of 
the  DBA  one  bitplane  logo  are  not  inside  the   designated 
block/grid  pattern.  Remember that it has to fit with the  road, 
the  logo  has to be built up of blocks that are 16*8pix  in  one 
colour.

The wiggle bg does not show:  The bg only shows through colour 0, 
so  if  you havent used that one in the wiggle text then  the  bg 
won't show.

  

