A STE ARTICLE


Recently in ST Format, there was an article concerning Atari producing
STE-only games, here is the article reproduced in full, for those of
you who have not seen it.


"Since the release of the STE over three years ago, we've been waiting 
to see new games which take advantage of all the enhanced features of
this incredible machine.  Atari are now finally taking the lead and 
writing a series of games which fully exploit the potential of the STE.

Acording to Product Manager, Bob Katz, the decision to produce STE-only
games came from the top.  Sam Tramiel, boss of Atari US, wanted to produce
STE-only games in a move to increase programmers' awareness of the
hardware potential of the machine.

Atari have acquired the rights to several major coin-op games to convert
for use on the STE only, taking full advantage of the machines' custom
hardware.  The first two games to be converted are "Road Riot Four Wheel
Drive", an off-road driving game, and "Steel Talons", a 3D polygon based
helicopter simulator.  The arcade coin-ops use 256 colour hardware
graphics boards.  Although the STE comes with a palette of 4096 colours,
only 16 can be displayed on-screen at once.  Atari are, however, using a
palette-swithcing technique in order to overcome this hurdle and give 48
colours per line - doing this achives an accurate representation of the
arcade graphics.

The games will take full advantage of the blitter chip to shift graphics
around the screen at high speed and they will come with full 8-channel
stereo sound.

More importantly, the STE's built in hardware scrolling abilities will
be supported, so these games are certian to be some of the fastest you've
ever seen on an ST.  Each game is to be fully compatable with the Mega STE
and TT range, automatically detecting which type of machine it is running
on and adjusting itself to take advantage of increased clock speeds and
the TT's 68030 processor.  Bob Katz said "These games will be the first
that really thrash the STE's hardware."

The games are being developed under the Atari Games umbrella and they will
only be produced for Atari machines, with no other formats planned for
release.  Each game has a dedicated development team working on it.

More STE-only games are planned for the future - both coin-op conversions
and original designs.  If Atari are able to prove that there is an eager
and enthusiastic market for STE-only games, other software publishers are
more likely to follow suit"

And if you ask me, its about fucking time to, maybe Atari should have
been planning to do this a few years ago.

So all you people out there who own an STE, and have pirated games,
remember to by any STE-only games that Atari release.  Coz if you don't
then who else will do the same thing, and then you will have brought
an STE for no reason.  (Watching STE demos does not count, although there
should be MORE of them!)

What else can I say about STE, hmmm, I hope yo have seen the Pixel Twins
conversion of the "Mental Hangover", coz it surley must be one of the
best STE demos yet.

Thats all folks...

Hope you liked reading dis.

Maybe DBA will also use my contact advert, if they do, why not write me.

Bye for real, Paul Holst.

fIN.
