JAGUAR NEWS

Msg #71 / 1-145  Time: Fri  4 Jun 93 22:20
From: Jonathan Roy
To  : All
Subj: Atari announced Jaguar! Read this!
---------[COMP_ATARI.ST  ]-----------------------------------------------
Atari-ST RoundTable
Category 18,  Topic 5
Message 183       Thu Jun 03, 1993
TOWNS [John]                 at 19:39 EDT

 Well, folks.. Your wishes have been answered:

 OTC 06/03 1552  ATARI LAUNCHES THE JAGUAR, A 64-BIT MULTI-MEDIA GAME
SYSTEM

    SUNNYVALE, CA (JUNE 3) PR NEWSWIRE - Atari Corp. (AMEX: ATC), the
 founder of the video game industry and the creative force behind some
 of the world's best- known titles, has announced the launch of a
 revolutionary new multi-media entertainment system, the Atari Jaguar.
 The launch will be supported by aggressive advertising, promotion and
 marketing efforts to be centered in the New York market in the fall,
 with a national roll-out of the product within one year.

    The Atari Jaguar, housed in a futuristic casing, is an interactive
 multi-media system based on an Atari-designed proprietary 64-bit RISC
 processor.

    The 64-bit system is four times the technology currently seen in
 the market today. The Atari Jaguar features over 16 million colors in
 24-bit true-color graphics and produces shaded 3-D polygons to be
 manipulated in a "real" world in real time.  The Atari Jaguar also
 has real-time texture mapping and creates spectacular video effects.  
 The sound system is based on Atari's proprietary, high-speed, Digital
 Signal Processor dedicated to audio.  The audio is 16-bit stereo CD
 quality and processes simultaneous sources of audio data, allowing
 for very realistic sounds, as well as human voices, which are essential
 for future multi-media applications.

    The Atari Jaguar is truly expandable and will include a 32-bit
 expansion port which allows for future connection into cable and
 telephone networks, as well as a digital signal processing port for
 modem use and connection to digital audio peripherals such as DAT
 players.

    The unit will also have a compact disc peripheral, which will be
 double- speed and will play regular CD audio, CD + G (Karaoke) and 
 Kodak's new Photo-CD(R).

    Currently, there are multiple software titles in development,
 which will be available on MegaCart(TM).  Atari, known for such
 groundbreaking 3-D titles as "Battlezone 2000(R)" and "Tempest 2000(R),"
 will issue spectacular new versions for the Atari Jaguar.  New 3-D game
 titles will include "Cybermorph(R)," "Alien vs. Predator(R)," 
 "Jaguar Formula One Racing(TM)" and many more.  Atari will license
 third-party publishers to join the Jaguar family.

    "The Atari Jaguar system will revolutionize the state of home
 entertainment as we see it today," said Sam Tramiel, president of Atari.
 "The idea of a 64- bit system is earth shattering and kids and adults
 will be amazed at both the imagery and manipulative capabilities.  And
 we are proud that our entry into the multi-media entertainment category
 will be fully made in America."

    The Atari Jaguar will retail for approximately $200 and will be
 available nationwide next year.  The Atari Jaguar packaged unit will
 include one software experience and a Power Pad(R) Controller with a
 ten-key pad and other special features.

     Atari Corp. manufactures and markets personal computers and video
 games for the home, office and educational marketplaces throughout the
 world.  Atari headquarters are located at 1196 Borregas Ave.,
 Sunnyvale,
 CA  94089.

     CONTACT: August J. Liguori of Atari Corp., 408-745-2069

-!-

(All formatting error are my own. Sorry. -Jon)

--
  F F  Jonathan Roy, of the Free Access Foundation        Email: 
ninja@faf.org
   A   Mail faf@halcyon.com for information, or FTP to halcyon.com:  
/pub/faf/
  F F  Vorlons, of the Galactic Bloodshed Development Team      GEnie: 
J.ROY18
 "Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design." - 
_RotJ_
-!- rfmail 0.4
 ! Origin: BBS Haarlem, 023-340077 (NL) (2:281/202.0)


