APPROACHABLE CREWS    

     Are demo crew's approachable ?
     ------------------------------

     What a strange question but a fairly asked one at that. The bigger
     crews these day's have achieved almost god like status amongst us
     lame coder's (and so they should as well) . We tend to just
     sit in awe in front of our monitors looking at the marvellous
     creations that lay before us. What possible interest could they see
     in us ? Well you'd be quite surprised.

     I have wrote to quite a few crews recently and although i have recieved
     mixed responses, most have been very positive. A friend of mine (you
     know who you are !) told me that most crews are pleased to recieve
     letters from appreciated user's  and i have to agree with his conclusion.

     Crews are very commited to their work and the ST in general. They create
     their demo's to show of their talents and expand their knowledge. But
     alot of crews also do it to gain contacts. Think of it this way, if they
     did'nt want you to write to them then why include their address in the
     demo. Logical point eh.

     Most are very friendly and because they know there way around the ST
     (Inside and out) are usually very happy to pass on advice and help. I
     have recieved valuable information in the past that could only be
     obtained from a demo coder (you would'nt find this type of info in the
     various commercial magazines ).


     So the answer to the header question has to be YES. Most crews are
     interested in swapping p.d. and general chit chat although many are very
     busy they always seem to find the time to reply.

     Well there you go. Next time you see an amazing mega demo and you catch
     a glimpse of the coders address, instead of saying that they won't be
     interested in me, drop em a line. They may not reply, but then again they
     just may. But if you don't write to them then they most certainly won't.

     Of course it's not just limited to demo coders. Many games, utility's,
     and various other programmers love recieving letter's from happy
     user's. They are equally approachable and helpfull.

     Small demo crews are a good idea to approach as well. Remember that
     today's small crews could well be tomorrows biggest.

     So let's see some of you getting in contact with em. Let's start an
     adopt a crew column. If you are a demo crew and want somebody to
     adopt you then write to the D.B.A. at the usual address. Be warned
     though that you will probably be swamped by millions of D.B.A. readers.


     This fascinating article was brought to you by :-

     Dizzy of the D.B.A.

