HCC DAYS REPORT


HCC report and a load(!) of comment to the Atari policy.
--------------------------------------------------------                

Yes again the big HCC (That's Hobby Computer Club) fair was held this 
year in Utrecht on the 20 till 21 november. That's a two day's hunting 
season for computers/computers parts/floppy's and other rubbish you 
can get for your machine. Well your(!) machine isn't exactly true 
here. If you own an PC then you are in the right place, but if you own 
an Atari or even an Am..a you can forget it. NOOOOOO specials for 
these machines anymore nowadays. Some very big firms had a few left 
that were sold for very low prices but that's all. 

A few years ago, lets say about 3, you could get the world at such a 
place for your machine. Scanners, programs, special hardware like 
Eprom programmers and interfaces to control robots. But that was 
"yesterday", it's no more and if we take a close look at the Atari 
policy it will be NEVER more.
 
Why ????. The big organisation in Europe, Atari Benelux, wasn't even 
there. I mean if you are planning to launch a new machine like the 
Falcon you should take every opportunity to show that machine. There are 
lots of people walking there that want to buy a new machine. These 
people could be Falcon users, if they would see the machine or even 
learned of its existance. Because there are still many many people 
that have never even heard of a Falcon yet. If Atari doesn't push the 
new Falcon a lot more then they are doing now, well i am sorry to say, 
but they can forget it.

They are taken way to long to launch it. It should be on the market a 
long time ago, at least for christmas. But noooooo, as long as we 
Atari know they are always (a bit) slow and because of that, always 
behind the facts. Because, and lets face it, they should have let the 
Falcon run at 32 Mhz. I know it has a DSP in it and some very nice 
custom chips with it but it isn't enough anymore. They could, with 
this hardware, survive not more that say one, maybe even one and a 
half year but then it's over again !!!!.   

It's seems that everybody say's "but we have a DSP chip in it and it 
is super fast". Let me tell you that i have seem that marvelous NeXT 
computer with also that DSP in it. I worked on it for about 30 minutes 
and let me tell you what a disapointment that was. Fast, it makes me 
laugh, colorful, only if you want to spend a fortune (say about 9000 
pounds or even more for it ), multitasking, yes only if you don't mind 
the fact that you can't get to make any nice demo's anymore that run 
within one VBL. 

Talking about prices, they told once that the Falcon would be cheap for 
what it would give you. CHEAP did i hear them say cheap ??????????????

I mean 2699 guilders for a machine with 4 Mb and a small 64 Mb 
harddisk is cheap ?!?!?. It hasn't even included a good monitor for 
that price !. At the fair, and note that these prices aren't only fair 
prices, you could get:

    AT 386 SX running at 40(!) Mhz
     4 Mb onboard
      105 Mb harddisk
       1.44 Mb diskdrive 3.5 Inch
        1.2  Mb diskdrive 5.25 Inch
         VGA cart with 1 Mb fitted on
          S-VGA monitor (Good quality picture and firm !)
   
                   and even more nice hardware for

                   -------> 1999 guilders <--------        

                        TALKING ABOUT CHEAP...

For less money you got a whole lot more. I am sorry i really like 
Atari, i started with it, but as soon as i see these things my fait in 
Atari and it's hardware is slipping away. Sure i know it will be 
always just a PC, but lets face it, look at these prices, look what 
you get, what you can do with it and then compair the prices again.
Take a closer look at all the expansions you can buy for it like Sound 
blasters cards (better quality then the ST and Am..a already !), 
realtime framegrabbing, more colors and the prices of these cards are 
dropping by the minute. You must admit it ain't cheap anymore to buy a 
Falcon, so if they want to make the Falcon a success they will have to 
either sell it cheaper, make better publicity for it (show what it can 
do, and why it's better then the rest that's on the market now) or 
upgrade it now it still can, to an 32 Mhz machine (that DSP is also 
running at 32 Mhz !!!) so they can last in the future ! The Atari TT 
is also running on a massive 32 Mhz so why in the world can't they do 
so with that Falcon ??

I know these are very hard words indeed, but after such a day you can 
get real bitter. Up until now you are always claiming ATARI is number 
one is the best in the world, but now, i don't know that for sure 
myself anymore...


                             Signing off...    
                                              Bonus Software


