SNOWBOARDING

                              SNOWBOARDING
                              ------------

          Hello all fellows around the world. This shredding corner
 gives you information about snowboarding. Read this and you will
 have the basic info about snowboarding e.g. how to get started,
 history etc. etc.

 HISTORY
 -------

        Snowboards are a bit younger than skatebording. Skating was
 invented in 1912 or so. In year 1986 the TIME magazine said:
 "Snowboarding: The Worst new sport". But still there were in 1990
 an estimated 2,000,000 snowboarders in U.S.A. In Europe snowboarding
 is very popular among young people.
          First snowboards were made of wood ( also steel and plastic)
 Jake Burton was one of the guys who made snowboards but not one 
 skateshop bought them.It was tough then. They had to make lies coz
 the sport was so off the wall.

 HOW TO GET STARTED
 ------------------

           First of all you must ask yourself ' Do I really want to 
 do this? '. After that you must decide what kind of snowboarding 
 you want to do.Slalom, super G, downhill, halfpipe or just freeriding
 Then you choose board from your local shop. You also have to decide
 do you want to ride hard boots or soft boots. Soft boots are more
 flexible and perfect for half-pipers/freeriders. Hard boots are
 stiff and perfect for downhill/super G. Of course you can choose
 any boot you want. Just try with your tennis shoes and you see the
 difference.
           After all that mess you decide do you ride regular or
 goofy footed. Regular means left foot in front. Close your eyes and
 let your friend push you gently in the back so you start falling.
 The foot you fix your balance with should be in front. If this 
 doesn't work then slide on slippery slopes and try which foot 
 feels most comfortable in front.
            Now find a gentle slope. Get some speed and start 
 turning the board. To turn your board use your weight and when
 your weight is on left side of board you (should) turn left.The
 most important rule of snowboarding is to keep 80% of your weight
 on your front leg.
            If you're afraid of skilifts then walk on top of the
 slope.If you didn't understand any of this then go see your
 local skicenter's snowboarding teacher.
        
            In the future I'll tell you how to do tricks step by
 step. Don't quit if you don't succeed. It took six days for me
 to learn the technics and two weeks later I did some big airs
 and tweaked so fuckin' hard.
            
 HOW MUCH $$$ ???
 ----------------
                                                                                   
            Snowboarding is not so expensive. Of course over $400
 for a snowboard is much but you get nothing but quality. $400 is
 not the biggest price. E.g. Burton's Kelly Slopestyle costs $579.
            But you can also buy board from your friend. If you
 don't get bindings or boots into bargain the new bindings costs
 about $150 and boots cost about $150 to $300. Also if you haven't
 ever even skied before you have to buy some cool clothes. E.g.
 jeans are not the best trousers for snowboarding.Clothes should
 be waterproof like Gore-Tex etc. 
            
 ABOUT MYSELF
 ------------

            I started snowboarding two years ago (1990). There wasn't
 so many snowboarders here in Tampere that time but there were few.
 I first bought a shitty Crazy Banana 'Breakout'. I shredded a year
 with it and I bought Burton Air 6.1. Now that was a SNOWBOARD. In 
 the first year I made tricks like method, melancoli, 360'. In the
 second year (last year) I learned some tricks like 'slob air,taipan,
 lean method to melancoli, chicken salad, 360' melancoli, 540',
 stalefish, tunafish, nosebone, crocket, japan ' etc. etc. I also
 got some bigger airs than year before.
            This year (1992-1993) I'll maybe go to competitions and
 try to win some points.If you get sponsored by a team or just the
 importer you get boards for free.


                                               Maniac/ Clan

