DISKMAGAZINES
~SPECIAL1.FIL~
Maggie #18
                                          'A healty man is half rich'

Introduction                               Lao-tse

We are getting old! Maggie is celebrating their 5th anniversary this year.
D.B.A. becomes five in October 1996 and ST News will become ten years old! The
first grey hairs start to come(although I've heard that Chris is completely
bald!) Maggie and their friends decided to create a special edition. Chris used
his savings to pay the professional coders of the Reservoir Gods. The result
of their hard work is a totally new Falcon specific custom shell. This shell
replaces the old Delta Force shell once and for all.

Intro and Shell

Maggie 18 comes on one HD disk and doesn't need to be installed on your hard
drive. When you point and shoot the program icon, a little intro will appear. It
is an intro by Digital Chaos and features a Gouraud shaded object based upon a
3D routine that should blow away EKO in the future. It is very neat.  It shows a
big doughnut shape with different textures. The object is light sourced and
accompanied by a good module. An excellent little intro ...

The monitor goes wild for a few seconds and some picture shows up. Maggie 18
it says prominently painted on it. At the top of the screen appears a menu
looking like a row of  icons. A little scroll text runs at the bottom. A module
from excellent sound quality has kicked in. It sounds very much like more than
four channels (some "scream" format or something).
There are 16 different "icons" to choose from, each covering a topic. After
clicking on an "icon" a little box appears. It comes zooming and rotating in and
shows the articles you can choose from. The same effect can be seen in "Apex
Media" and in the opening screen of the "Lost Blubb" demo. A very nice touch ...

I decide to choose an article and the main-menu fades out. A "Loading"
message including a status bar appears. The bar reaches the end and the
text-displayer fades in. The bottom part of the screen shows the control panel 
and the upper part an info panel. I most say that the whole setup is held slick 
and simple. The status panel shows the amount of pages and lines in an article 
and offers access to a comprehensive options section. I come back to the options
section a bit later. 
The text scrolls very smoothly (line scroll.)and there is a little starfield in
the background. All the text-displayer functions can be either controlled with
the mouse or with the keyboard. Personally I missed the option to smash the
spacebar to jump to the next page. Instead of that I get dropped in the options 
section of the displayer. 

The option section has a nice "color shock" in the background to brighten
things up a bit. You could say that this section is the control center of the
displayer. Several menus allow you to toggle music, chance fonts, search for a
string, save the article etc. You can also see additional information about the
article you are currently in. I am quite happy that there is a toggle music
option present because there only is one module in the magazine! This becomes
very boring after a while!

My first instinct was to leave the article by clicking on the right mouse button
but nothing happened. There are two ways to leave this article, that's either 
the button in the upper left corner or the UNDO key. 


Contents 

The scrolline I mentioned before, shows the real-time article. It was written at
Maggie's birthday party somewhere around midnight. We were also invited but we
couldn't come, which I really regret! Several fellow diskzine editors have 
donated articles to Chris for his issue, making it some kind of brotherhood of 
diskzine editors' thing. Don't you love this heartwarming cooperation?
I am very pleased to see this big family helping each-other out, but let's not 
get carried away. There is a review to be done here ...

This issue of Maggie covers many topics, most of them being reviews. In the
news section are some interesting articles about Maggie's history and some
assorted things like a brilliant article about the Atari MicroBox. I found the
Multimedia particularly interesting because it features some very positive
reviews about D.B.A. magazine(thanks, I'll send the money later). 
There are several interesting interviews with good questions by Chris. We have
finally left the cliche questions behind, like what's the color of your hair,
what food do you like etc. A bit of a more professional journalism approach is
stepping in. 
There is a very nice article about a trip to Florida (hi Richard) and a visit 
to the "Spotlight" show who drew my attention. As always all the articles are of
outstanding quality, but what else can you expect from an excellent editor as
Chris(Slime ...)?

Conclusion

Maggie 18 has turned out to be very pleasant issue. I have looked forward to it
for quite some time now. I was not disappointed when it finally dropped in. The
new Falcon shell has turned out to be a rather good one. There are still a few
little things that could be changed to make it even better but nobody gets it
right the first time! Contents wise; Maggie 18 offers hours of high standing
reading pleasure. A job well done ...

I like to present the rating for this magazine in the style of Maggie. So, I
give it a eight and a half  out of ten. Damn near excellent, but near ;-)

 ----

Atari Dream Machines #4

Introduction

ADM is a diskmag completely written in German. Its editorial staff consists 
of two people; Timo Gietschel and Gilbert Koch. The magazine covers both 
the Falcon and the Jaguar. ADM looks a bit like Atari Explorer Online as 
everything is put in one text-file.

Intro and Shell

The magazine opens with text and a sample, followed by a scanned picture. 
The magazine has no main menu, only a text-displayer. All of the articles 
are placed in one huge file where you can 'scroll' through. Scrolling is 
not the right word here. You can only jump pages. The coder(s) of the text-
displayer has broken one golden (unwritten)rule; never use interlace in a 
text-displayer! It was not even necessary in this case as they only display 
plain text. On the bottom of the screen is the control menu. It consists 
of six boxes. On an RGB monitor it is impossible to see what functions
the boxes represent. I tried them all and discovered that the first two are
for page up and down. The third one allows you to jump to any page by typing 
in a page number. Number four brings you back to the beginning of the giant 
text-file. There are two boxes left, one to toggle music on/off and the other 
to quit the magazine. 
For a Falcon specific magazine the text-displayer is far below par. It could 
be greatly improved if they abandoned the interlaced setup and changed to 
640/200 mode.

Contents 

The contents are various but there are only computers related articles in the 
magazine. ADM is completely Falcon and Jaguar orientated. Everything from hard 
to software passes the revue. There are articles about the newest demo's, tips 
and tricks, EPROM cards, a question and answer box etc. As far as my German goes 
the articles are well written and the editors know what they are talking about. 
The editorial staff is well informed about new developments. It is a pity that 
only a small part of the scene can read this diskmag due by the German language 
barrier. 

Conclusion

The shell is far below par. Using Interlace is taboo in a decent text-displayer.
I could not find any mouse controls to use with the boxes. You have to work with
the cursorkeys to operate some of the functions in the displayer. The displayer
is not user-friendly but adequate enough for its purpose. Contents wise the 
diskmag is excellent as the articles are well written and contain interesting 
information. However all of the articles are written in German and can therefore 
only be read by a small part of the scene.

A six and a half out of ten.

--- 
~GREYBLEU.PAL~  
