ST FADING AWAY ???

A SHORT REVIEW OF THE H.C.C. DAYS
 ( or just " the PC are taking over !!!)

The H.C.C. days are the kind of days that you can buy lots of things for 
a computer at very low prices. Well that should be the fact and it was
last year. But it seems that some things are changing. If you have a
PC or wanted to buy one you where at the right place, but if you wanted
to buy something for your ST or even buy an STE, sorry but you better
look anywere else. This year it was really shit to say the least, the
number of dealers that sold ST's or things for the ST was almost zero.
I don't know what it is but it seems that the 16 bit machines are 
losing there grip. This could be caused by the enormous price drop
the PC have gone to the last few months. A pc is now a machine that
almost anyone can afford to buy. A PC nowadays costs about ( thats
a 12 Mhz with harddisk, floppy 1 or 2, graphix cart ) Fl.999,- and
an ST/E costs about Fl.899,-. So you see the price difference is so
small that people would rather buy a PC then a ST/E. So if we really
want the ST to survive we have to make good things for it. Make people
notice the ST (Nice demo's or something like that), and special ST/E
meetings like the Dusseldorf Messe must be visited to let everybody
know that there still is a big group that like/use the ST/E. If we
don't do it then maybe next year we won't any dealer selling ST/E or 
even software/ or other things for the ST/E. Maybe you will say, it
isn't that bad yet, but if we don't do anything for the start we will
see the same effect as on the old Atari XL/XE. The big software houses
lose there intrest in the Atari, won't converted any software anymore
( the first example of it is already there in the form of I.S.S.)
so people won't buy cause there favorit game isn't made for it. An
when that really starts well it's the start of the end....

So don't say i didn't ring a bell if the ST/E is fading away in the
next 2 years...

                                   Bonus Software.


