ALIEN 3 SCRIPT 3

BISHOP
(with android blandness) I'm taking the long view.

(I believe this would have become one of the classic lines of the film.
The scene ends with an incoming message, actually a warning, from Rodina.
A technician explains what they have done and that all experiments must
be terminated as they cannot be contained...No shit! There is a lot of
funny reparte about "the Soviet space brothers" in this scene. Jackson
almost takes on the air of a Hudson, except she's pretty gutsy. At the
very end Jackson gathers everyone near the monitors as they notice that
something huge is blocking the cameras in the air-scrubber chamber. Many
scenes follow:

#1 Spence sitting in the eco-module...Birds begin to sing...The calm
before the storm.

#2 EXT. RODINA - No movement. INT. - We see the Vietnamese commando
sitting on the floor cradling her gun, the acid burned corpse of her
partner is beside her.

#3 A series of very rapidly cut scenes where Hicks puts Ripley in a
lifeboat and launches her into space. Bishop questions him about this as
she might be infected. Hicks replies, "I owe her one."

#4 Great combat sequence as Hicks leads a group of "green" marines to the
scrubber room where they find a huge mutant queen alien. The place look
like the queens chamber on LV-426, only more grotesque. Lots of the new
aliens come crawling out the walls. The marines destroy the new queen and
kill lots of the drones, but as the Queen pulls loose from the framework
that is supporting her, an enormous cloud of spores is released and then
sucked into the air circulation system. Hicks has Bishop close the vents.

#5 INT. RODINA HUB - The commando works her way through the core of the
station. She discover the almost the entire crew of the station, maybe a
hundred people all cocooned in a multi-story column...A bas-relief of
human bodies and glittering resin. A closeup of Braun and Suslov is shown.

#6 INT. OPS - Jackson, Rosetti, and Bishop are watching the approach of
the UPP cruiser Nikolai Stoiko at Rodina (How they are doing this is not
explained other than as some form of survelience system. It's clear that
it's not direct video, but some form of remore imaging.).

#7 INT. RODINA - The commando gets into an interceptor and escapes from
the station. We see her blast away.

#8 EXT. RODINA - We see the Stoiko launch a missle and a nuclear blast
destroy the station.

#9 INT. OPS - Jackson says, "I don't believe it! They send for help, and
their own people nuked'em! Hicks replies, "Maybe they asked for it."

The following scenes are a real combat-fest.

#1 Walker on the Mall blasting aliens and taking pulls from a jug of
liquor. In the end he becomes an alien.

#2 INT. ECO-MODULE - Spence enters and gasps at what she sees. The
primates have been cocooned in the trees.

#3 Hicks on the Mall...scenes of carnage everywhere.

#4 INT. OPS - Jackson, Hicks, Rosetti, Spence, and Bishop. Hicks wants to
blow the fusion package immediately. Jackson says it doesn't matter as
Hicks has destroyed the scrubber and with all the fires, they'll only
have air for a few more hours anyway. One of the marines falls down in
agony, only he doesn't become an alien. His chest bursts open and about
half a dozen new model chestbursters pop out and run in all different
directions. Hicks evacuates everyone.

#5 INT. CORRIDOR - Bishop heads off to rig the fusion package. Hicks
gathers all the survivors to take them to the lifeboats. A few new
characters are introduced at this point...All minor.

#6 Bishop in the Mall encounters yet another queen and her drones in the
process of cocooning victims. Bishop runs for the elevator with the queen
after him.

#7 Lots of cross-cutting between the group heading for the lifeboats
fighting their way through the aliens and Bishops staving off the queen
in the elevator. Bishop escapes by ripping up the floor of the elevator
showing his android strength. The lifeboat party emerges from a wall of
smoke to find the passage blocked by a wall of resin, human bones, marine
helmets, rifles, etc. What follows is just too complex to distill and too
long to copy and still be fair to Mr. Gibson. Let me just say that it's
an incredible sequence of the lifeboat party taking alternate routes to
the bay as the aliens keep blocking their path. Lots of explosions,
shootouts, mucho violence...Really keen stuff!

#8 Bishop arrives at the fusion package and proceeds to rig it to blow.

#9 We rejoin the lifeboat party at the crew quarters where we see even
more carnage including what's left of a children's preschool. Memebers of
the party freak out at this point. Spence and Hicks calm everyone down
and they move on.

#10 Bishop exiting the fusion complex...One of his polycarbon knees gives
out. He is now dragging one leg behind him.

#11 Spence is separated in a service shaft and trapped by an alien. She
has a huge flare pistol and kills it. She rejoins Hicks and the others.

#12 Bishop climbing the elevator shaft and checking his watch: 21:40.
They agreed he would set the fusion unit to blow at 22:00.

#13 Hicks and Jackson have it out with Rosetti who is not handling things
very well. Basically,  they kick his ass. One of the party, Tatsumi is
bitten, but survives. They dress his wound and move on.

#14 Quick scene of Bishop back on the Mall putting a patch on his leg and
then moving to rejoin the others. The queen is no longer there.

#15 Hicks and company arrive at the lifeboat bay. Closeup of Tatsumi's
leg wound leaving a trail of yellow drops. Rosetti opens the door and the
bay is filled with fresh new aliens. Hicks provides cover fire and they
get the door closed again. They all pile into an office. It's Trent's,
and they find him where he's already killed himself. Spence finds that
the back wall of the office is actually an airlock. Sounds of the aliens
throwing themselves against the door to the office. Hicks checks his
watch it's 21:46.

#16 As they prepare to enter the lock, A chestburster crawls out of
Tatsumi's wound and more erupt from his chest. The survivors enter the
airlock. They all suit up and the color of their suits is important.
Rosetti gets in a yellow suit.  Shortly after they exit the lock Rosetti
goes through the change inside his suit. He kills a lab tech and then
Hicks kill him. Only Jackson, Hicks, and Spence are left alive. Hicks
looks at his watch 21:59...22:00...Nothing! They move across the outside
surface of Anchorpoint toward the external portion of the lifeboats.

#17 Outside shot of the lock shows the aliens following them...They are
unaffected by the cold and the vacuum.

#18 Outside the lifeboat, Spence and jackson work on opening the hatch
with a bypass. Hicks continue to kill aliens.

#19 Hicks sees a yellow spacesuit moving across the hull...Rosetti? No,
it's Bishop. he has emerged from another lock. Bishop "greases" all the
aliens that are left on the outside. He tells Hicks that he gave them an
extra half hour of time.

#20 As they are getting in the lifeboat, the second queen emerges and
leads a charge of new aliens toward them. They run out of ammo as the
aliens close in on them.

#21 Cut to the UPP interceptor: shot of a port opening revealing a
"viscious looking gattling style pulse cannon" (I could almost hear the
audience cheering in my head as I read this scene). The interceptor wipes
out the aliens.

#22 The commando lands the interceptor near them and takes them on board.
Jackson is killed by the aliens in this scene. The aliens are coming up
behind the ship. She fires the engines and fries them!

#23 The interceptor streaks away as the reactor overloads and blows.

The last scene is in the interceptor and it's too long for fair-use,
although, I'd love to put up the whole thing. Instead I'll just give you
the gist of it and one very important extract.

INT. INTERCEPTOR

(dialog omitted, but Bishop determines that none of them are infected or
they would have already begun to change. The commando has had a lethal
dose of radiation and will only live a few more hours.)

BISHOP
You're a species again, Hicks. United against a common enemy...

HICKS
Yeah?

BISHOP
The source, Hicks. You'll have to trace them back, find the point of
origin. The first source and destroy it.

HICKS
I don't know, Bishop. Maybe we oughtta just stay out of their way...

BISHOP

You can't, Hicks. This goes far beyond mere interspecies competition.
These creatures are to biological life what antimatter is to matter.

HICKS
How do you mean?

BISHOP
There isn't room for the both of you, Hicks, not in this universe.

HICKS
That's crazy, Bishop...

BISHOP
No. You're already at war, Hicks. War to extermination. The alien knows
no other mode.

HICKS
Hell, man, we been at war all my life. Near enough, anyway. With her (he
looks down at the Vietnamese commando). With all her brothers and
sisters. That's what got us into this shit in the first place!

BISHOP
But now you've seen the enemy, Hicks. So has she. She's not it. Neither
are you. This is a Darwinian universe, Hicks. Will the alien be the
ultimate survivor?

Hicks doesn't answer. He just looks at Bishop. Bishop goes back to
repairing his circuitry.

CLOSE ON:

Spence's sleeping face and the face of the dying commando.

DISSOLVE TO:

EXT. SPACE

Approach of a large ship.

The PING of homing radar.

ANGLE ON THE HULL

As it slides past, enormous letters: KANSAS CITY

EXT. SPACE - ANGLE UP

From below Kansas City  as a wide bay opens up.

The interceptor comes into frame and is drawn up into the brightly lit
hold.

The bay closes.

EXT. SPACE

Kansas City. Receding. Gone.

The stars.

FADE OUT

THE END
