ALIEN 3 SCRIPT 1

Although I've learned to accept Alien3 as a part of the Alien's Universe,
it has been a long and difficult road to reach that point. On its own,
I've always found it to be a visually gripping film. Ripley, as the
center-piece, has, IMHO, her finest moments in Alien3. Yet, the rest of
the package has never seemed quite up to snuff. Many fans of Alien hold
Aliens in comtempt for abandoning the horror-scifi genre and "selling
out" to the more profitable action-adventure-scifi format. I've never had
that problem as I love both films and have always viewed the transition
as a natural one that simply expanded this particular universe of the
future.

At the same time, I've had an equally difficult time reconciling the
transition from Aliens to Alien3...The leap from 1 to 2 always made
sense...The jump from 2 to 3 has not. So, I've always wanted to know,
"How did we get from there to here?" If you've read the rest of the FAQ,
then you know about the whole sordid Vincent Ward episode that sent us to
Fiorina in the first place...But, what came before that and why was it
abandoned in favor of the final script? Unless you've got an inside line
to Walter Hill and his production company, we'll never know the whole
story and most of it will remain speculation. That's not all bad, as
speculation is the life-blood of documents like this FAQ. So, why not add
some fuel to the fire?

I've had my hands on a copy of William Gibson's original script for
"Alien III" for quite awhile now and it seems like a good time to
contribute a synopsis which may explain a few things (such as how the
eggs were supposed to have gotten onto the Sulaco), and may just add more
confusion to others. I've been very careful in preparing the synopsis to
include as much detail as is possible, including direct quotes, and still
remain within the bounds of the fair-use doctrine and copyright laws.
(Everything encased in parentheses, except for dialog notes, is my
writing...Everything else is Gibson's.) If you have questions about
specific scenes that I've just outlined, e-mail me and I'll try to give
you more details. The script has given me hope that somewhere out there a
chance may exist for another sequel in this series that I love so much.
If StarTrek could recover from number 5 with a film as good as ST VI: The
Undiscovered Country, then perhaps the "Alien" can recover from number
three...

Enjoy!

-Steve Copold
________________________________________________________

FADE IN:

DEEP SPACE - THE FUTURE

The silent field of stars -- eclipsed by the dark bulk of of an
approaching ship.

CLOSER.

ANGLE ON THE HULL

A towering cliff of metal, Sulaco.

(The script then cuts to an inside tracking shot of the hyper-sleep vault
and the line of open and empty capsules. We finally track across 4 closed
capsules - Newt, Ripley, Hicks, and finally Bishop. Bishop's capsule,
however, is covered with a "hothouse" mist and condensation.)

CLOSER

A tear of fluid streaks the condensation.

An alarm sounds.

A monitor begins to scroll data.

(We then hear the computer announcing that Sulaco has experienced a
navagational error and entered the territory of the U.P.P. [Union of
Progressive Peoples - A clear analogy for the late U.S.S.R. - A subplot
which probably contributed to the demise of this script.] We cut to an
exterior shot of the Sulaco and witness the approach of a UPP interceptor
ship carrying commandos. They dock with the Sulaco and board her. They
enter the ship though an airlock near the cargo bay. As they enter, they
find Bishop's twisted and tangled lower torso. They see the blast damage
on the drop ship and exchange knowing looks...It is apparent these are
combat veterans. As the commandos enter the hyper-sleep vault, the
computer announces a security breach. They move down the line of capsules
and stop at Bishop's.)

INTERIOR HYPER-SLEEP VAULT - LEADER'S POV (point of view)

The chilly aisle of capsules.

Commandos move down the line, guns poised. They peer in at Newt, Ripley,
and Hicks, but the lid of Bishop's capsule is pearl white. (text deleted)
The lid rises. A dense pale mist flows out, spilling over the edges of
the capsule, revealing the ovoid of a gray alien egg. Rooted in the
center of Bishop's synthetic entrails, the egg instantly ejaculates a
face-hugger, which strikes the leader's faceplate in a spray of acid.
(lots of text deleted)

(At this point, one of the other commandos, a young Vietnamese woman,
attempts to shoot the facehugger without killing the leader. Things go
wrong and his head is literally destroyed. They throw him out the airlock
and leave with Bishop's remains.)

DISSOLVE TO:

IN DEEP SPACE - VARIOUS ANGLES

A station the size of a small moon, and growing; unfinished sections of
hull are open to vacuum. A vast, irregular structure, the result of of
the shifting goals of succesive administrations.

(This is our introduction to Anchorpoint which serves as the setting for
about 75% of Alien III. I see it as a cross between the Deathstar and
Deep Space 9. It is huge and well-used like the Deathstar, but it is by
run civil administrators and company reps, with only a military attache
and a few troops. Like DSN, it has shopping malls, schools, and the type
of stuff associated with a colony rather than a military base.

At this time we are introduced to Tully, a civilian lab technician, and
the station's ops officer, Jackson. Tully is written as sort of a
malcontented doctoral student. He's very smart, very good at his job, and
has some degree of contempt for authority. Jackson is a really neat
character. She is a "tough broad," much like Ripley, but carries none of
the baggage that Ripley is saddled with. They have a lengthy conversation
at this point which sort of brings the audience up to speed. I've
included just a small portion.)

JACKSON
The Sulaco. Departed gateway four years ago with a compliment of fifteen.
A dozen marines, an android, a company representative, and the former
warrant officer of a merchant vessel...

TULLY
So?

JACKSON
So, the bio-readout gives us the warant officer, one -- count him --
marine, and a nine-year-old girl. Makes you wonder what happened out
there, doesn't it?

TULLY
So ask'em. Wake'em up and ask'em. Them not me.

JACKSON
But That's the GOOD news, Tully. Three hours before Sulaco turned up, we
docked a priority shuttle out of Gateway. Two passengers. Milisci, Tully.
Weapons Division.

TULLY
That the bad news?

JACKSON
They want the ship pulled in with full biohazard precautions, by
oh-eight-hundred hours. BioLab techs are priority for the deck squad.
that's you Tully.

The phone screen goes blank.

TULLY
(heartfelt) Shit!

(We are then introduced to Spence, who is I think Tully's girlfriend.
That part's not real clear as events overtake the issue very quickly from
here on out. The next five pages of script are dedicated to a WONDERFUL
sequence of scenes where Tully and other lab techs, accompanied by
marines from Anchorpoint are seen in an enormous docking bay where they
board Sulaco. I'll put in the last page of it here.)

SECOND MARINE
Yessir. Lights on in there.

The officer presses a button.

The door slides open. Bright white. The aisle. Empty. The row of
capsules. Tully's marine is first through the door, gun ready, slow,
careful. Tully steps in after him, raises his instrument, takes a sample.

INT. HYPER-SLEEP VAULT

The other two marines move past Tully. Soft scuff of their boots on the
deck. Tully doesn't know quite what to do. Lowers his sampler, hesitates,
The first marine reaches Newt's capsule. He lowers his rifle. (something
startled, almost gentle in his voice)
They're here...

Eight inches of razor-sharp serrated tail plunges out through the back of
his suit as he's lifted off his feet by something we can't see. Ugly
RIPPING noise as the alien withdraws its stinger (Gibson clearly refers
to the tail as a stinger at several points in the script) -- blood tidily
contained by the translucent membrane of the biohazard envelope.

The stinger of a second alien whips around the neck of one of the other
two marines; the alien is clinging to the ceiling. He screams. Tully's
marine sags against the foot of Ripley's capsule, his arm across the
controls -- the green indicator lights go out -- as the first alien
lunges up into view.

CLOSE

On the jaws.

ANGLE ON RIPLEY

Her eyes snap open

RIPLEY'S POV

As the beast mounts her coffin, terminal nightmare.

ANGLE

RIPLEY
No-ooooooooooooooooooooo!
Her hands claw frantically at the smooth curve of the plastic canopy.

The remaining marine, crazy with adrenialine and terror, unleashes his
flame thrower. The first alien and Ripley's capsule vanish in a napalm
fireball. the marine spins, screaming incoherently, and liquid fire hoses
the second alien, which drops its victim and falls burning into the deck.

The vault is an inferno. Ripley's capsule is sagging, melting.

DISSOLVE TO:

(We see Ripley's damaged capsule being rolled into a very elaborate
medlab and doctors go to work on her. Then we cut to Hicks sitting on the
edge of a hospital bed in a dressing gown lighting a cigarette. Spence
comes in and has a brief conversation with him. He asks about Newt and
Ripley and Bishop. She tells him that Newt and Ripley are fine, and that
she doesn't know who Bishop is. Newt comes running in chased by an
orderly. He grabs for Newt and Hicks almost assaults him, but is stopped
when Spence calls off the orderly. They demand to see Ripley. Spence
takes them to her room. She is in a deep coma)

NEWT
Is Ripley DREAMING?

SPENCE
I don't know honey.

NEWT
It's better not to.

CUT TO:

EXT. RODINA, THE U.P.P. STATION - VARIOUS ANGLES

Smaller than Anchorpoint

INT. RODINA - CYBERNETICS LAB

CLOSE on Bishop. He stares straight ahead, the corner of his mouth
twitching mechanically.

(The UPP scientists are downloading all of Bishop's data and are learning
all about the aliens. The young Vietnamese commando is present and
confirms the image of the facehugger -- They all stare in horror at the
image of the adult alien. The young woman shakes her head and says she
has not seen this. The two adults on the Sulaco are never explained and
neither is the fact that the capsules were left alone. There is a
possibility that there may have been live animals, or animals such as
dogs on the Sulaco in hypersleep. This may account for the adults as well
as the dog thread in the screen version. Lab animals are turned into
aliens later in the Gibson script. The egg in Bishop's entrails is
explained in great detail.)

INT SULACO - CARGO LOCK

TECH WITH PROBE
You getting this on tape Miller?

SECOND TECH
You bet your ass. Orders.

TECH WITH PROBE
That's good because I'd swear I just saw a piece of this shit move...

On the monitor, the tip of the probe trembles, brushes one of the
globules. The second tech takes it, inserts it in a plastic tube, seals
the tube in a small metal cannister, and writes #17 on the side in red
grease pencil.


