ALIEN 3 SCRIPT 2

SECOND TECH
Since when do androids get diseases?

TECH WITH PROBE
I dunno. Sure looks like something got to this poor bastard...

(This is a key scene in the script as it introduces the alien "spores"
and "DNA" samples which are capable of spreading the species like a
disease. Even androids can act as a host at least to the extent of
producing a viable egg with a facehugger inside. The effects on a living
host are entirely different as we'll see shortly.

At this point in the story, we are introduced to Col. Rosetti, local
commandant of the colonial marine detachment at Anchorpoint. We also meet
Kevin Fox and Susan Welles. They are the Weyland-Yutani scum-yuppies from
the weapons division sent by the company. They are real knock-offs of
Burke, only not so endearing...Yeeech! We also meet Shuman, the diplomat.
He is involved now as the UPP is making a stink about the Sulaco entering
their space. The four of them debrief Hicks in a "security bubble" and
learn what he knows. They do not tell him about the aliens found on the
Sulaco. In the bubble we also meet Trent, the head bio-geneticist at
Anchorpoint. He quizzes Hicks about the alien's life-cycle. They realize
that Hicks doesn't know anything about the genetic material they have
discovered in the hyper-sleep vault. They also fail to tell him they are
experimenting with it and trying to clone it. They do tell Hicks about
the UPP grabbing Bishop.

At this point there is a complex and important scene in the Tissue
Culture Lab with Tully and Spence. It involves lots of high tech goodies
and what would have been some terrific CGI sequences as they examine the
alien samples. It all culminates with them looking #17 under extreme
magnification we see the sample brought into focus...)

EXTREME CLOSEUP - MONITOR

As the screen fills with an image that might be a bizzare landscape, its
lines and textures recalling the interior of the derelict ship in "ALIEN."

(This sequence is followed by a long set of scenes with Newt and Hicks as
Newt prepares to return to earth aboard the Sulaco which has been
sterilized. Ripley is still in a coma and Newt makes her a map of her
Grandparent's home in Oregon so she can find her when she wakes
up...Lot's of cuteness and string-pulling as Newt departs Anchorpoint.

We jump back to Rodina Station and meet a bunch of new characters. Braun,
Rodina's Chief of R&D, Colonel-Doctor Suslov, the Head of the station,
and several military and diplomatic officers. The scene is basically a
discussion of where are we? - where are they? re: the development of the
aliens as a weapon, and what to do about Bishop? They decide the best
course of action is not to overplay their hand, but to sterilize Bishop
and send him back with no traces of the alien spores or any memory of his
time at Rodina. They rebuild him (with inferior UPP technology - this
later becomes a plot element and a running joke in the script) and return
him to Anchorpoint.

CUT TO:

INT. ANCHORPOINT - TISSUE CULTURE LAB

Trent, head of biolab, Rosetti, and Fox wait, seated, as Tully wheels a
holographic Display Module into position. The lights dim. A faint,
ghostly cube shimmers in front of the three men.

TRENT
Initially this was merely routine, you understand. We attempted to
determine its compatibility with terrestial DNA.

FOX
What kind of DNA Doctor?

TRENT
Human, of course.

Something shivers and shakes and takes form in the cube of light: a
double helix threaded with green and red beads of light.

TRENT (continuing)
Watch closey, please.

The alien genetic material looks like a cubist's vision of an art deco
staircase, its asymmetrical segments glowing day-glow green and purple.

ROSETTI
That's a biological structure? More like part of a machine...

The alien form makes contact with the human DNA. The transformation is
shockingly swift, but its stages can still be followed: the thing seems
to pull itself into and THROUGH the coils, and for an instant the two are
meshed, locked, and then the final stage. A new shape glows, a HYBRID;
the green and red beads have been altered beyond recognition.

FOX
Like a high-speed viral takeover...! What's the real-time duration on
this, Trent?

TULLY
(from the shadows beyond the glowing cube) That was it. What you see is
what you get. That's how fast it is...

(Several scenes follow that I'll just encapsulate for you. They are all
important, but only in that they introduce characters or minor plot
elements.

#1 Hicks meets Walker the foreman of the Anchorpoint machine-shop...He is
a tough customer.

#2 Jackson, Shuman, UPP Diplomatic Officer discuss Bishop's return.

#3 Bishops arrives at Anchorpoint.

#4 Hicks meets Tully in a bar on the Mall and Tully reveals that Fox and
Welles have ordered the lab to experiment with the alien DNA.

#5 Rosetti, Fox, Trent, and Welles in the security bubble discussing the
progress of the experiments. Rosetti raises minor objections, but wimps
out when Fox threatens his career.

#6 Bishop being checked out by a medlab tech and jokes about his shitty
UPP polycarbonate knee joints. This is followed by a long scene with
Hicks and Spence where she fully spills the beans about the "research.")

INT. CONSTRUCTION ZONE CHAMBER
(lots of text deleted)

SPENCE
Maybe I don't either. It's just...We've got to tell somebody...Now
there's a rumor somebody came in on a UPP ship today, somebody off
Sulaco...

HICKS
Bishop...

SPENCE
I don't know.

HICKS
Maybe Progressive Peoples'll get their own alien too. Maybe they'll grow
some...

SPENCE
(horrified) Shit! You'd better hope not...

HICKS
Why's that?

SPENCE
Their lab gear's five years behind ours. they'd never be able to control
it

HICKS
Think you can, huh?

SPENCE
I don't know...

(More scenes follow:

#1 Tully complains to Jackson that there are problems with one of the
stasis systems in the lab.

#2 Rodina - BioLab:  Braun and Suslov are discussing the alien as a
weapon in front of a large stasis tube. Scene ends with a closeup on the
tube showing a "chestburster suspended like a fetal dolphin."

#3 Long scene where Bishop tells Hicks about Ripley and the queen on the
Sulaco. He also warns Hicks to watch him carefully as the UPP may have
reprogrammed him and he would not know it.

#4 Long scene in the culture lab with Tully and Welles. Ends with the
stasis system failing and the contents spraying all over Welles and
Tully. They are immediately taken to a "de-con" unit. Welles is seriously
pissed off!

#5 Bishop and Hicks sneak into the tissue culture lab and destroy all of
the alien cultures. Ends with both of them in white plastic restraints as
they are placed in separate cells. The next scene is the beginning of the
proverbial shit hitting the fan.)

INT. THE BUBBLE

Meeting of the full Anchorpoint Directorate, including Welles and Fox and
a number of new faces. Welles is white lipped with fury.

(lots of dialog omitted)

FOX
You have no more material to work with, Trent. In any case, it's become
obvious that you aren't the man for the job. We took the precaution of
obtaining our own samples. they're on their way to Gateway. (Wow! Does
this open a lot of possibilities...Like "Earth Hive" for instance.)

WELLES
(with cold satisfaction)...and everything, every move each of you have
made, since our arrival, is going to be gone over with a fine toothed
c-c-c-c-c--

As Welles begins to stammer, her eyes betray a terrible consternation.
She rises from her chair, lurches forward, catching herself on her hands.
The c-c-c-c- phases into a chattering palsy as a thick strand of
blood-streaked drool descends toward the table. Fox, seated to her left,
has instinctively shoved his own chair back, ready to run. Everyone else
is frozen with shock.

As the chittering tooth-burr becomes a shrill SHRIEK of inhuman rage, the
transformation takes place. Segmented biomechanoid tendons squirm beneath
the skin of her arms. Her hands claw at one another, tearing redundant
flesh from alien talons. then the shriek dies. She straightens up. And,
rips her face apart in a single movement, the glistening claws coming
away with skin, eyes, muscle, teeth, and splinters of bone...The sound of
ripping cloth. the new beast sheds its human skin in a single sinuous,
bloody ripple, molting on fast forward...An instant of utter silence as
the featureless mask moves. From side to side. Scanning.

Trent vomits explosively. the marine guard snatches his pistol from its
holster and fires wildly across the table. Blind screaming chaos.

OVERHEAD SHOT

As the Directorate plunges, like a single panicked organism, to the far
side of the bubble. The thing is on Fox before he can get up from his
chair.

CLOSE

On his scream as the sucking, fanged tounge plunges through the orbit of
his eye.

ANGLE

A marine with a flamethrower bursts through the door, torching Fox and
the new beast, setting fire to the bubble's acoustic foam baffles.

(Clearly, this script was destined to get an "R" rating...From this point
on the script becomes an Aliens-like war movie. Many brief cutting scenes
follow:

#1 Spence finds Tully's contaminated lab badge.

#2 Rosetti gets Hicks and Bishop out of their cells and enlists their
help.

#3 Hicks (in full combat armor) and Walker driving into the construction
zone in a jeep searching for Tully.

#4 Jackson, Spence, and Bishop tracking them on monitors from operations.

#5 Hicks and Walker find and kill the alien that was Tully.

#6 Closeup of Spence as Tully's locator dot blinks out.

#7 INT. RODINA Mass confusion as we see the commandos fighting their way
through what has obviously become a war-zone. Then we see the result of
Suslov's genetic tinkering: It's a new type of alien - "bigger, meaner,
faster, able to reproduce more rapidly." The commandos swarm through a
hatch and seal the thick steel door. We hear slamming and pounding as the
steel begins to buckle.

All of this is followed by a really long scene with Hicks, Jackson,
Bishop, Shuman, and Rosetti in operations. We find out the closest ship
is the transport Kansas City which is 20 hours away. the following
exchange takes place in the midle of it:)

ROSETTI
We abandon the station.

HICKS
Destroy the station, man! We got nukes?

ROSETTI
Outlawed under the strategic arms reduction treaty.

JACKSON
We can fiddle the overrides on the fusion package. Baby nova.

BISHOP
We're dealing with a new form Colonel. We know nothing of this new mode
of reproduction. Others may have already become hosts.

ROSETTI
What are you suggesting?

BISHOP
Inorder to be ENTIRELY certain, Colonel, it would be necessary to
override the fusion package now.

Jackson looks up at Bishop; he's suggesting mass suicide.

HICKS
I thought you were programmed to protect human life?

