SAVING VIDEO TODAY

                          J P E G   and   M P E G
                         '"""""""' ''''' '"""""""'
 |   |ith the DCT Ampex, the digital Beta Sony, or even the virtual editing
 |   | stations like Avid or Lightworks, one has the problem of the picture
 | ^ | compressing. Among the different existing systems, JPEG and MPEG are
 |/ \| widely used as ISO 's standard. This organization has developped two
working crews: the JPEG (Joint Photographic Expert Group), created at first
for static images and the MPEG (Moving Picture Expert Group) for the video.
    Concerning sound part of MPEG, the MUSICAM system was keeped: only know
that many american firms like Texas, Motorola or Analog Device have started
to produce circuits using modes 1 and 2 out of the three in MUSICAM system.


  J P E G : FROM PICTURE TO ANIMATION
  """""""
The basic principle of JPEG consists in using the limited characters of the
human eye in order to save on datas. Thus, the fact that we are less sensi-
tive to the colour variations than to the bright changes, allows algorithms
to erase some datas without our knowledge, and to get the graphics 10 up to
25 times less greedy than the original one.
In fact the start picture is decomposed in little sub-images of 8x8 points.
On each sub-image, we put a DCT (Discreet Cosinus Transformee) device which
may be compared to the Fourier's transformee (FFT) - in spectral analysises
for sound. So we get a 8x8 frame of which we extract the first point (1,1),
which will serve as average value, reference according to which we fill the
other 63 points of this frame.
Let's take the case of a whole red zone; the first -up and left- point will
be given the value corresponding with the red colour whereas all the others
will be expressed by noughts. Then it'll be easy to save on datas, by digi-
tizing with a classic compressing algorithm (Huffman). Using european video
signals, we'll thus have 25 processings of this type per one second !


                            M P E G   V I D E O
 _____                     '"""""""' '"""""""""'
   |  he MPEG standard's task is to detect the repetitions, and the gaps of
   |   time in a sequence of an animated picture.  Speaking clearly, within
   |   a filmed scene where the scenery is fixed but where the actors move,
the algorithm will be able to save on datas relative to a digitalization of
this scenery since it remains the same, and will try to report all the dis-
placements by methods of analysis and deduction. Each image is thus divided
into little sub-pictures like for JPEG. After this the algorithm can detect
the sub-images which are relatively the same amongst the pictures which are
following, and preceding the concerned image. Moreover, the system will not
digitalize all the pictures, and some of them will be created by interpola-
tion, thanks to the analysis of the nearing images. So, the more predictive
the sequence will be (zoom and travelling), the more satisfying the results
will get. However it is easier to predict when we know the past and future,
and this type of process remains difficult in realtime operations, since it
needs a high power of calculation, and of predictive analysis, which can go
in time past the amount of pictures to be compressed. Nethertheless if this
converting time is taken on the transfer, the compression's rate may be gi-
gantic and the quality of the image perfect, hence a great thrift of datas.



NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/NEWS/


* APPLE  QUICK TIME  MOVIE  FORMAT
     Apple keeps on developing its modulary standard of files, for stockage
and exchange of  film-library  datas  (sound, video  and text):  QuickTime.
     Thanks to the software  Image Compression Manager, the coding  becomes
independant from a hardware  or a dedicated driver, and the user can handle
the sound or the compressed pictures as easily as for text or graphic. Like
for the ASCII in  the text editing, this new norm of file  should allow the
exchanges with compatible PCs, for Apple makes itself the development under
Windows.

* D.O.N.  NIKON
     Nikon promotes a DON 12" ultrafast of 4 Go, particularly fitted to the
stockage of the digit video and the sound.
The transfer's capacity of the the driver SCSI announced by the builder is:
1.43 MB/sec.

* After the greedy LCD(,STN,TFT) and plasma panels, after the technology of
  the laser (-electroluminousness- weak Blue colour), the French firm PIXEL
  is developping the new 'Micropoint' extra-flat screen! This technology is
  easier than the TFT one (Thin Film Transistor), and much more thrifty...!
  It's called FED (Field Emission Display) and works like the RVB-sets. But
  even if the quality is nearly as great as a TV-set, we should wait for 10
  years to buy such a screen of 1m diagonal. It's 10000 micropoints/mm2 ...

* WARNER MUSIC is going to spread in Europe its Mini Disc famous in the USA.

* SONY AND NINTENDO collaborate to the creation of a new CD-ROM's standard.


 > You noticed the clean organization of the texts (jovis thanks U) ?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
:   Marc Salama, translated from 'Video-Son-Pro #112' (OVU-mag), may '93  :
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contact me -jovis-. I'm waiting for you: clean hot gfx, .TRI.MOD.4V on STf.
The disks are always sent back to you and you can speak to Zuul through me.

        * jovis *
    DESCAVES PHILIPPE     7, RUE VICTOR-HUGO     95440 ECOUEN     FRANCE

