GRANDAD REVIEW



   I have just had some disk's popped through the door and i decided that
   this would be a good time to strut my stuff and write some reviews.


   Grandad & The Holy Vest
   -----------------------

   This a an excellent game written in STOS by Ian Scott. Yes you did see
   the words excellent written in that first line. I know it's hard to
   believe by i have finally found a game that is as good as any commercial
   release and was written in this language.

   The game see's you as a disabled grumpy old git bound in a wheelchair
   in search for the ultimate prize. Yes you must take the quest to search
   for the infamous holy vest. But standing in your way is a snotty noised
   kid with a tennis ball (Who thought up this plot ?), a nymphomanic female
   nextdoor neighbour and a host of other silly tasks to complete.

   Grandad wakes up in the entrance hall of his dwellings and feeling the
   harshness of the weather, set's out to find his holy vest. Little did
   he know the problems that lay in front of him. His quest begins.

   You take control of grandad as he zooms around in his trusty electric
   wheelchair searching for the savour of all his wintery problems. In the
   same styles as the now infamous sierra type games (although ian's attempt
   pulls it of much better) you have to solve various puzzles along the
   way. Being a scatter brain, grandad (silly old sod !) has misplaced various
   objects around his home and it's your job to find these objects to help
   with the various puzzles grandad will meet.

   If you can play a sierra game (and who can't) then you'll be right at
   home with this. The menu system is very simple, giving you the chance
   to look, get and use the objects that you may encounter. You also have
   the much needed options of being able to check your inventory and load
   and save your position at any moment.

   There has been a tremendous amount of humour put into this program and
   if you don't laugh at least once (well smile anyway) then i'm sorry
   to say that you have little in the way of a sense of humour. The graphics
   are out of this world and again a tremendous amount of effort has been
   spent here. Grandad's sprite is portrayed exactly as you could picture
   him, a frail old man with a white beard dressed in clothes that could
   only be fashionable in bygone times sitting in an overpowered (probably
   over priced) electric wheelchair. He moves around from location to location
   in a very smooth action and portrays a 3D effect as he zooms head on
   towards the screen.

   Controls are with either the joystick or the cursor keys and spacebar
   although we favoured the keyboard approach. The joystick was a little
   too sensitive for our liking.

   The game is shareware and Ian Scott only requests a misely five pounds
   for you to register (Well worth the price). The game is limited to only
   the first level of the house and you must register to recieve the
   password to enter the electronic lift to gain access to other levels.

   Ian has said that he will release a sequel to the game if enough people
   register. The sequel will be called GRANDAD & THE LOST COLOSTOMY BAG and
   will follow on the same lines as the first.

   So there you have it. It's one of the best games i have seen as shareware
   todate and Ian deserves to recieve your gratitude (That means money) so
   get the game today and register tommorrow. I know i will.


   Dizzy of the D.B.A.

