DISK MAGS PART 2

   Magazine Disks part 2
   ---------------------
                                 TOXIC MAG
                                 ---------

    This mag is still in it's infancy. I have only recently recieved issue 2
    and so i'll not make any formal opinions as such. I don't really
    know who produces this mag but i believe it's the T.S.B. I also do not
    really know what it's released under but i assume it's straight
    public domain.

    WHAT'S THE SHELL LIKE ? The shell is set out in menu bars with the mouse
    controlling a inverted pointer the various articles. Everthing is
    already sub headed and access is quick and easy. Music is constantly
    played throughout and i could not see a shell options screen. The shell
    runs in medium resolution and contains a nice graphic border.

    THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- On clicking on an article you recieve a small box
    in the middle of the screen stating that the shell is reformating the
    doc. A short while later the text displayer slides upwards into the
    screen showing the text. A small (very small) window tells you how many
    pages there are in the doc. There are 7 icons on which only 6 are
    functional at present. These allow you to page up and down the doc,
    goto start of next or previous doc, print doc and go back to main menu.
    The displayer is seriously lacking a line up/down feature although
    latter issues may contain this.

    ARTICLES :- Not so much in the way of variety in these articles. They
    have an abundance of interview articles and also contain demo reviews
    and humerous docs. Articles are mixed language between english and
    french.

    P.D. ON DISK :- There is'nt as much p.d. on disk as various other
    magazines but on TOXIC 2 they had a map definer utility that enables you
    to create game and demo maps. Things may pick up in future issues.

    FUTURE :- Unknown ? this mag could be really great with a few improvement
    that i should imagine they will do shortly. As only the second issue
    released it is better than some. Time will tell of it's future as many
    disk mags have never been released after the 3rd or 4th issue. Further
    issues are unknown.


                                 ST NEWS
                                 -------

    This mag has been around for ages now but keeps getting stronger and
    stronger. There were reports that the mag was folding and when the
    ST NEWS COMPENDIUMS were released this backed up the rumours. But ST
    NEWS carries on and there seems little chance of it going down in the
    near future.

    Richard Karsmakers and other's created the magazine and it has quite
    alot of issues under it's belt. It is distributed by various crews and
    p.d. librarys all over europe.

    WHAT'S THE SHELL LIKE ? ST NEWS uses a gem type shell for accessing the
    various docs. There is chip music playing constantly  with options to
    turn it off. Access to the docs is by drop down menu's (which can
    contain sub menu;s). The shell has various options incuding setting
    the colour of the shell, 50 & 60 Hz toggle, a help screen and a save
    setup option.

    THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- Again a gem type window appears with the usual
    familiar functions. A small text window tells you doument information
    including amount of pages and bytes of doc. You have a menu function
    for special features explained underneath. A page up and down option.
    Cursor keys can also page up and down the document. Text scrolling
    is smooth. Pressing P gives you access to the print option (Epson or
    not) and will print the document.

    You can also format a disk from the text displayer and save out the doc
    as a first word document. Pressing Menu also gives you these options
    as well as toggle music on or off, adjusting colours, printing document
    and quit current doc.

    ARTICLES :- There articles are now renowned for editorial context. They
    feature various subject each issue and include games reviews, demo
    reviews, interviews, news, gossip, previews, hardware issues, etc. etc.
    etc.

    P.D. ON DISK :- They have various public domain programs on disk that
    change topics from issue to issue. The p.d. can be anything from utilitys,
    games, source code etc.

    FUTURE :- The mag has already had a very good past and has an amazing
    following and there's no reason why this mag cannot continue going from
    strength to strength. The future looks bright for ST NEWS (Unless you
    know something i don't ?).




                                   STEN
                                   ----

    STEN stands for the ST Enthusiasts magazine and has also been going for
    quite a long time now. The editor and founder is Dave Mooney and he
    actually wrote the shell in GFA. It is strictly free and as such should
    be classed as public domain. Dave stipulates that no charges apart from
    handling costs should be incurred.

    WHAT'S THE SHELL LIKE ? All heading's and sub headings are contained
    within the same screen and it's a simple matter of clicking at a sub
    heading to load the doc. The shell is simple in design but works well.
    There is no chip music at all. A picture is shown on loading.

    THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- Clicking on the sub heading brings up the doc
    displayer. Text scrolling is again very smooth. There are various options
    included in the text displayer that include a manual loading of any
    text file (usefull), a return to menu option, view pictures options,
    load and run a program (also usefull), extension options (Which changes
    the wild card of the file selector), quit, print whole document,
    print page, dump screen (usefull for graphics ?), print menu, 50/60 Hz
    toggle, change keyclick, change drive, free memory available and reset
    document to normal. There are as you can see many facility's for the
    text that are sometimes usefull and sometimes not. There are also icons
    at the top of the screen to page through the doc etc., although i find
    these too sensative. You can also scroll and page through the doc with
    the cursor keys (I find this is better). Pressing the right mouse button
    brings up the main picture and holding the right mouse button and
    clicking the left returns you to the main menu.

    ARTICLES :- Sten has masses of articles covering such topics as news,
    reviews, programming, technical, informative, short storys etc. Again
    these can vary from issue to issue and most are very well written.

    P.D. ON DISK :- Again loads of p.d. utility's and other usefull programs
    can be included on disk. If Dave can't fit them on then he will archive
    them.

    FUTURE :- As with ST NEWS, STEN has a good reputation for coming up with
    the goods and being both informative and humerous. It has a good life
    in which things can only get better. The various options that have gone
    into the shell show the commitment of the magazine and the professional
    approach to showing text. All in all a very good magazine.




                                    STUNN
                                    -----

    STUNN stands for ST UNNemployed and was created by Dave Burns (a commercial
    journalist from magazines such as ST FORMAT & ST REVIEW). It is supplied
    like STEN in which there is to be only handling cost's charged and that
    no profit should come of it. It has gone through alot of changes in it's
    future seems bleak. Dave has abandoned the ST for another machine (The PC)
    and the editorship has changes hands twice, in which only one issue has
    been released.

    STUNN formed a group know as the STUNN GROUP and features magazines on
    the Amiga and the PC as well as the ST version (I don't know what's
    happening with these mags now though).


    WHAT'S THE SHELL LIKE ? It's a custom shell by A.Oakley and features a
    stos tracker tune with upto 9 pictures displayed in either mono or
    low resolution. Earlier issues of STUNN had a pretty bad shell program
    and although this one is alot better, still falls behind the rest. There
    is no chip music on the main screen and the docs are accessed by drop
    down menu's.

    THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- Well to be honest it's totally crap. There are
    only a few options. These are line up or down a document, page through
    a document and quit. The text scroller is jerky and un-interesting and
    it's takes an age to update a screen on a page down function (Well
    compared to other magazines anyway).

    ARTICLES :- These mainly consisted of reviews, news and short story's
    although they have had some very good programming articles in previous
    issues.

    P.D. ON DISK :- Each issue featured numerous utility's and the like on
    disk and some were very good. But most were very old and out of date
    artifacts that were of little use to anyone.

    FUTURE :- As i've already said, i think STUNN has died. I personally
    new the editor Dave Burns, and also know the editor after that Chris
    Caulfield. Chris was the only editor to get an issue out after Dave left
    and although editorship has been passed again it's was some months ago
    now. There has been little heard since and i have yet to see a new issue.
    Let STUNN rest in peace where it belongs.




                                  AMAZINE
                                  -------

    A bit different this one. This magazine is mostly about hacker's news and
    gossip (although some demo coder's feature also) and was created by
    MAD VISION. This mag had a very bad start of life as someone sent a copy
    to MICROMART who quite nicely handed it over to F.A.S.T. Issue two has
    been released since and is the first underground issue.

    WHAT'S THE SHELL LIKE ? Well the first issue was good. It asked you to
    type in the number of the various sub heading you wanted to access. The
    second issue is the more traditional point and click affair in which you
    click on the main headings to access various sub headings in the usual
    way. Issue one contained various chip music playing throughout, issue 2
    has got megatizer music (Still chip though). There seems little in the way
    of options but the mag doesn't really need any.

    THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- Clicking on the sub menu brings up the doc with
    it's displayer. This displayer is very simple in design but works well.
    The music continues playing and the text is displayed in various colours
    to outline various paragraphs and subjects. The text is split into
    two small pages on screen at once. There is a status window at the
    bottom of the doc telling you how many pages the document has and what
    page your currently on. You page through the document using the icons
    situated at the bottom of the screen (or you can use the cursor key's).
    An index icon returns you to the main menu.

    ARTICLES :- As stated it's mostly about hacking groups news etc. but
    they do have other's as well. Interviews with various crews are covered,
    news, beer tests (interesting !), music, movies, t.v. and other various
    articles.

    FUTURE :- I think the run in with F.A.S.T. has given the guys a new
    lease of life and they are now determined to see this thing through. We
    all know that hacker's exist and F.A.S.T. have no right trying to
    censor freedom of speech. For a long time now we have only heard one side
    of the argument and now we can hear the other. I wish the boys every
    fortune in there project. It's still early day's yet and only time will
    tell if they have the stamania to see this thing through.

    I would like to stress that i do not applaud hacking and pirated software
    nor do i reject it. I stand in the middle with both eyes wide open
    and listen and learn. I do not and would not spread hacked software.
    Nor does Amazine just feature articles on hacker's.


    Well that's it for this article. As you can see i have covered quite a
    few magazines but there are loads more. For instance there is HP SAUCE,
    ADMIRABLES MASSIVE MAG, INSIDE INFO, AAUSAC and INCODERS DISK MAG as
    well as numerous others. They have not been covered here through lack
    of space and knowledge. If you want to write reviews on other mags or
    have any information about new mags in development or release then
    write to the D.B.A. at the usual address.

    That's it. Bye.


    Dizzy of the D.B.A.

