DISK MAGS PART 1

   Magazine Disks part 1
   ---------------------

   Well magazine fanzines have been around for a very long time now. They
   started on the old 8 bit machines (probably even before then) and there
   numbers have grown since. There many areas of use are for information
   passing and general chip chat (Like it, chip chat ?), although there
   articles don't have any limit's as regards commercial magazines.

   The Atari ST range of computers has seen a steady grow in these magazine
   disk's and this can only be a good thing. The more there are the better
   the choice, and the greater the competition to be the best. Yes long
   gone has the poor attempts at journalism passed and nowdays most disk
   based magazines have a collection of informative information at hand
   for the learning computer programmer. They also contain up to date news
   on the ST scene, interviews with many well known chararcters associated
   with our hobby, reviews on many subjects, and various other topics (not
   just related to computers), including short story's, humour and various
   other articles. They rely heavily on the commitment of ST user's to
   write articles on what ever they fancy. Because they are normally
   avid worshippers of our beloved computer there articles are normally much
   more informative then those that are written for now day's commercial
   mags.

   I run a p.d. library and through the many months of collecting various
   titles i have managed to aquire quite a few different magazine titles. Most
   people will have encountered one or two of these disk's at one time or
   another but what have they really got to offer. I'm going to list some
   of the more interesting ones i have encountered and inform you of how they
   have stood the test of time.

   I would like to stress that any information i pass is what i have heard
   through the grapevine (In other words it may not be true o.k.) and the
   opinions i project are mine and mine alone.

   O.k. lets have a gander then shall we :-



                           THE D.B.A. MAGAZINE
                           -------------------

   D.B.A. stands for Disk Buster's Association and was basically 2 guys that
   formed a group. They have done various demo's in the past and then
   decided to turn there hand at a disk based magazine.

   The D.B.A. magazine has steadily grown from there. It now has a vast
   amount of member's stretching all over europe and has an avid following
   from the ST community. There articles are very informative with a nice
   balance of humour thrown in where appropiate.

   WHAT'S THE SHELL LIKE ? Well the magazine shell will make or break it's
   fame. The D.B.A. shell can only be said as excellent (Well i'm biased). It
   is neatly set out as a point and click affair and access to the various
   sub menu's is with the minium of fuss. The whole thing looks very
   decorative (Somebody has spent an enourmous amount of time creating the
   graphics and the feel of professionalism). Chip music can be played or
   turned off at will and there's always many tunes to listen to. One sub menu
   gains access to various options of the shell and you can have graphic
   equalizers active, find out how long you have been reading the mag as well
   as numerous other functions.

   All said and done the shell is one of the best i have ever seen and works
   extremely well.

   THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- This is where the D.B.A. rises above the rest and
   where i believe other's should try and follow. The text displayer is
   both smooth and pleasing to the eye. Features of the displayer include
   a normal up and down page icon, an auto read facility (which gives you
   a certain amount of time before flipping to the next page), a print
   document option, change font options, page through doc icons, and an auto
   adjust icon (which sets the speed of the auto read facility). A window
   gives valuable information on the current doc displayed such as the
   filename, number of pages of the doc and the current page number. And
   they have devised a way of including graphics alongside the text being
   displayed and this gives you a real buzz when you see it.

   ARTICLES :- These are on numerous subjects. They have programming articles
   on GFA, STOS and ASSEMBLER. News from around the world, a woman's corner,
   mailbags, adverts, loads of interviews with various demo crews and the
   like, reviews of p.d. and commercial software, and loads of other topics
   that vary from issue to issue including contests, hardware topics,
   opinions, poems, previews etc. etc. etc. Most articles are of commercial
   quality.

   P.D. ON DISK :- Yes this has become one of the things that disk magazines
   are famous for. The giving away of valuable (and sometimes not so valuable)
   programs alongside the mag. D.B.A. is no different and gives away various
   programs each issue some of which you will find very usefull, and some
   of which you won't.

   FUTURE :- I believe the D.B.A. magazine has a very good future. Slimer
   told me that he's hoping to continue the mag on the falcon and i believe
   it will be as great a success on that machine as it is on this one.





                                 MAGGIE
                                 ------


    Maggie came into creation by the LOST BOYS and was licensed to BUDGIE
    U.K. It rapidly recieved a bad reputation for the language and topics
    of some articles. Because of the reputation recieved it gained an
    avid following of ST user's who wanted to see what all the fuss was
    about. They found that the articles were not as bad as reported and
    that MAGGIE was just amained at the younger ST users (Although many
    older users i have had contact with also read it with interest).

    It's gone through many changes since then. Firstly it is straight p.d.
    now and the BUDGIE U.K. license has been dropped. The language has been
    tamed and the articles are of a more informative nature. DELTA FORCE
    has taken over editorial of the magazine and the shell has been
    redesigned. The magazine is now growing stronger and stronger each issue.

    WHATS THE SHELL LIKE ? Well in it's infancy MAGGIE had a drop down menu
    shell. A picture would be displayed in the main screen and access to
    the main menu's was in the traditional gem style. Chip music would
    be played constantly and there was no option to turn it off (Well there
    was but it was a LOST BOYS JOKE). Since then the shell has changed
    considerably and is now a point and click affair similiar in design
    to the D.B.A. shell. You point and click on the main headings to gain
    access to the various sub headings. Chip music now has the option to
    be turned off or on at pleasure (The joke has been replaced). There are
    options to see the picture in full beneath the icons, and change hertz.

    The shell is now very pleasant to the eye and is a great improvement on
    earlier issues.

    THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- Earlier issues of the mag had an adequate text
    displayer but again this has now been improved considerably. The text
    scroller is very smooth and everything is layed out in an easy to access
    style. You have the usual up and down arrow keys with a slider showing
    your position within the current doc. There is no print function but
    there is a save doc facility to enable you to load the doc into your
    favourite word processor or text displayer. A window informs you of
    the amount of pages of the current doc and bytes used. A colour option
    has been included to change both the foreground and background colours.
    To exit back to the sub menu's you click on the quit option.

    ARTICLES :- Previous articles featured in maggie where both informative
    and bodly humerous (using many swear words to emphasise points). Now days
    the mag has various articles on numerous subjects. These articles include
    game previews, demo reviews, various news, utilities reviews & previews,
    editorial context and interviews. They are equally informative and
    humerous but still have some tendancy's of using swear words. Although
    this is know where near the problems of the earlier issues.

    P.D. ON DISK :- As with many others MAGGIE always contains various
    p.d. utilities and other such things on disk. They always seem to have
    a nice selection of source code for assembler, stos, and GFA and are
    invaluable for the learning programmer.

    FUTURE :- I really don't know the future on this mag. It has a very
    good following and seems to provide people with what they want. As for
    plans to carry it on to the falcon i can only guess and say that i would
    have thought they would.




                         THE UNTOUCHABLES LEDGERS
                         ------------------------

    The ledger's was formed by MAT of the untouchables and was originally
    released as another BUDGIE U.K. license. As with MAGGIE the mag has
    gone through a series of unique changes over the various issues. It has
    always been a popular creation and has a loyal readership. It has good
    balances with the informative and humerous sides of things and has
    brought smiles to vast numbers of people's faces. Again the problem of
    swearing raised it's head in earlier issue's but now has a nice balance
    and can be seen as humerous.

    LEDGER's has ceised it's licenseware and has now become shareware which
    is proving very popular.

    WHATS THE SHELL LIKE ? Earlier issues had roughly the same shell as MAGGIE
    with all it's drop down menu's and features. These day's the ledger's
    has become quite a cult layout with a completely new approach to accessing
    the various docs. It takes the form of a standard multi demo access in
    which you control a sprite in a platform maze. You wander around in
    search of the doors to gain access to the sub demo's. Music is constantly
    playing and is normally of a good quality. Personally although novel i
    believe that this way of doing things for a disk mag is too difficult
    to gain access to the information. Saying that i know many people who
    actually enjoy the task of finding the doorways to the sub menu's. Once
    access is gained to the sub menu's you press the appropiate keys to load
    the doc.

    THE TEXT DISPLAYER :- Early issues were usable but very basic. These days
    border removal has taken place and you use the cursor to scroll through
    the document. Pressing the HELP key brings up all the available document
    functions. These show keys for pageing through docs, top of doc, bottom
    of doc, marking start of block, printing doc, printing block and printing
    page etc. The colours can be changed by pressing the + and - keys. To
    return to the sub menu you simply press SPACE. A tracker module is
    played on viewing the docs (nice feature) and a sine wave equalizer is
    shown on the HELP option. Things seem a little confusing at first but
    are soon understood.

    ARTICLES :- Again articles started of very good but things seem to be
    slowing down alot recently. They contain many subjects that vary from
    issue to issue. These can include such topics as reviews, interviews,
    game cheats and humerous topics as well as many others. The articles
    are again mostly well written and can be informative.

    P.D. ON DISK :- There's always something on disk that is of interest
    to somebody. There's always plenty of source code in various languages
    for the learning programmer. Other things that have been featured include
    bootsector installers and checkers, music files, copier's etc. etc. etc.

    FUTURE :- The magazine started off very very strong but unfortunatly
    things seem to be going bad recently. I know that mat wants to update
    the doc displayer to show graphics alongside text, other fonts for
    display purposes and a user definable palette with options to save. These
    functions will greatly improve the mag in a big way. The future is
    anybody's guess but lets hope it's continues to get stronger.


    DIZZY OF THE D.B.A.    

