NO COOPER


                        No Cooper Review
                               by
                   Marco Polo/Librairie Demos


The No Cooper is a demo made by 1984 a french crew who tried to make
a Megademo for the last 3 years. They release nothing because
they don't like their screens. I saw some of them and I could say
that I don't understand why they release nothing. There were
some good screens, better than a lot of demos.

So we start with the No Cooper.

All the code, musics, gfx were done by 1984 or their friends!
It's a space demo...

First of all we can watch a beautifull 1984 logo! (I remember to see
a Majic 12's font like this on Amiga)
The intro is a space animation with a soundtrack. A man says: Welcome
to the No Cooper Demo. The last picture is composed by a planet and a
logo. 
The loader is a 1984's logo with no music. But what logo!
The first screen is a raster's screen with a big logo on the top and a
scrolltext. After we have distorted rasters (some are very nice!), a
snoopy and a Yamaha music. Next part of this screen is plasma in 
fullscreen. A nice picture is coming from the space. Some vertical 
rasters move on your screen.... An other logo is striking on your
monitor screen with new plasma effects. Next we have shade bobs
(original curves but not the best on ST).
The second screen is composed by vertical distorted rasters.
The third screen inform us about the greetings list and the 1984's
members (very small font and big 1984 one plane logo) with Yamaha
music.
The fourth screen is a copy of the sowatt screen by TCB. But 1984
made all code, gfx and music! Good job and very funny to see this
sort of screen in the year 1992! A very nice music from Mad Max!
(recomposed by 1984)
The 5th screen is RGB one pixel plasma (beautifull!) like the best
Amiga's plasmas! Nice logo and Yamaha music too.
The 6th screen a mini sound demo with musics from Tebirod (a 1984
member). Very good logo and musics. They used the Griff's player.
The end screen is composed by a space picture with 1984 logo and a
text (credits and greetings).
The reset demo is a big 3d plot sphere with a Yamaha music in
fullscreen (Not bad for a reset demo!).


Conclusion:
***********
This demo is made with a new concept and 1984 want to strike with
their design. This megademo is a little bit like dentros (they
called their demo: DENTRAKMO). The logos and pictures are very
nice! Some funny effects (like snoopy in a rasters screen) show
us that make this demo was a pleasure for 1984. They don't make a
'Try to Beat This' screen and they don't say that they are the
best on ST. We can resume the No Cooper Demo is this sentence:
Good ideas and good design.

Marco Polo/Librairie Demos.   
