SNO-FITE REVIEW

     SNO-FITE
     --------

     This is a shareware game produced by two guys that go by the name of
     Kevin & Ian Scott. It's a two player only game and i only assume it
     was written in GFA Basic.

     Well here's the plot. You play against your opponent in a snow ball
     fight to the death (Well i have to add a bit of danger in here
     somewhere). Player's are positioned at either side of a half frozen
     lake and control is through joysticks.

     The basic aim of the game is to reach 5000 points before the other
     player. You do this by carefully aiming a stinger snowball at your
     best friend, and hope it knocks him clean of his feet when it hits
     him. You adjust the angle of the throwable snowball by using the up
     and down directions on the joystick. To make a snowball you keep
     the fire button pressed whilst pulling the joystick down. You can
     earn extra points by building snowmen and to do this you hold the fire
     button down and push up on the joystick. You can also make a slush ball
     by firstly making a normal snowball and then running to the half frozen
     lake. Extra points are awarded for hitting your opponent with a slush
     ball.

     The graphics are very very poor and the two main sprites that represent
     the player's are basic by anybody's standards. There is very little
     in the way of sound and everythink looks incredibly dull. The basic
     concept of the game could have been a good one but due to sloppy
     programming it has spoiled the interest value. My wife and i played
     this and found it so boring that we did'nt wait around for a winner.

     So the conclusion of this game is that it's very lame and boring and i
     would'nt bother trying to get a copy of it. As regards the Shareware
     plea i think the programmer's are really just trying their luck.
     Unfortunately i really don't think they'll be too lucky on this
     particular game. It may have some interest to a couple of 5 year olds
     but for experianced gamers its never going to be seen as anything else
     but rubbish.

     Oh let me also stress that this Ian Scott is not the same programmer
     as the GRANDAD & THE HOLY VEST's Ian Scott.

     Dizzy of the D.B.A.

