TENNIS REVIEW

     1st. SERVE TENNIS
     -----------------

     This is as the titles suggests a tennis game. It was written in Stos
     basic by a programmer called John Leaver and as far as i know is
     just public domain.

     O.K i'm not going to tell you a plot on this one as even i know how to
     play tennis. The game starts direct on load up (There are no fancy
     title screen here). You are presented with the standard tennis court
     but instead of actually seeing the player's, all you see is the rackets.
     There is a dismal crowd sitting at the back of the screen with a blocky
     looking umpire and ball boy sitting in mid court.

     Control is via the mouse and you can move the racket both up and down
     as well as from side to side. The computer controls your opponent
     and you have to win two clear sets to beat the computer.

     Control is quite tricky for the first few attempts but you soon get
     used to it. After finally mastering the serve the computer leeps into
     action and rapidly wacks the little white round thing (I think it's
     called a ball !) straight back at you.

     I have to stress that this game is not going to impress anybody with
     it's wonderfull graphics. It's very simple in design bu this does'nt
     effect the playabilty of the game. You quickly find that the computer
     is a fairly worthy opponent and that more thought has gone into the
     actual code than the presentation.

     I quite liked it's basic design and simplicity but other's will look
     upon it as total crap. If you've played the old bat and ball games on the
     Atari Consoles then you'll recognise the format. Although this game
     tends to take it a small stage further the similarity's are defiantly
     obvious.

     Give it a go and see what you think. The author has given it away free
     and it's not a bad little effort. It will keep you occupied for a short
     space of time and it's something for nothing isn't it.


     Dizzy of the D.B.A.



