FONTS PART 1
                      * HOW TO PAINT A NICE FONT... *

                     PART #1 : INTRODUCTION AND BASICS

Hello people! This is the first part of my course on painting a font. In 
this course I will tell you some things about the technics used in painting 
a font, the tricks you can use, some typography and other useful things. If 
you feel that I have got it wrong, or if you've got any additions to my 
text, or if you just want to swap/chat or contact us, please write to:

                            HAVOC of the GIANTS
                               Ravenstraat 4
                             6909 DV Babberich
                              The Netherlands

Well then, let's start the show...

1.1. INTRODUCTION

In the beginning there was nothing. 8 by 8 pixel scrollers were amazing, 
rasters were a new invention. People thought that the ST could only produce 
some 'Do-Sound'. Until the flood came. The flood of demos. In less than a 
year, there were at least 4 new demos a month. Everybody released as much 
as they could, even if it was crap. Everybody used Mad Max sound. Everybody 
used the 'Knighthawks'-font. But after some 3 to 4 years of only bullshit 
releases, some people came to the vision that demos are art. And that they 
are one of the very few artforms which you have to do in a team. The teams 
already existed, but now there is to be born a new type of member. The 
design specialist. He has got to check all parts of the demo. Are the 
effects original? Is the music beautiful? Are the fonts and pictures good? 

After this person has come, he will notice that the visual part of the demo 
is the most important. It is, after all, what you're looking at all the 
time...

Therefore, it is important to have good visuals. And because the main part 
of the visuals exist of scrollers and text, fonts are important. If you can 
paint a font, you can quite easily paint a logo. And from there you can go 
out and try what you can do more.

1.2. REQUIREMENTS

For this course, you need some elementary things. I will list them here.

a) An Atari ST/STe/TT (color monitor)
b) A drawing package with zoom function
c) A lot of patience

A) shouldn't be a problem, otherwise you wouldn't read this. As for b), I 
strongly advise you to use CrackArt because it is cheap, fast and very easy 
to use. But if you already use DPaint, Degas or NeoChrome that will suit 
too. You'll only have to sort out your own control tricks, because I will 
talk only about Crack Art. If you don't have CrackArt, please send me a 
letter with money or poststamps for a reply and mention you want Crack Art. 
c), at last, is depending on yourself.

Now bang in your drawing proggie and listen carefully...

2.0. SOME BASICS

To start off with, I will tell you how to make the program work for you and 
how you can make sure you are drawing something usuable.

2.0.1. STARTING OFF

Before you paint any real characters, you have got to ask yourself three 
questions. First question always is an idea for a style of characters. 
Ideas are strange things, surely. If you need them, you don't have them. 
Some good advise to get inspiration is putting on music, walking around in 
a town, looking at adverts, looking at TV progs. And I mean that you've got 
to SEE, not just to look. If people would only spend a tenth of their time 
seeing instead of looking, the world would be a better place. Remember 
things, ideas, colours, people, music. Everything can help you get to an 
idea. 

2.0.2. BITPLANES

The second question is how many colors you'll be wanting to use. Because 
the ST has 4 bits of information per (low-res) pixel you can maximally use 
16 colors. Why 16 colors? Well, as you might know, a bit is a BInary digiT. 
This means that a bit can have two values, 0 and 1 (also called off and 
on). 2 bits can have, logically, 4 different values (= colors) because 2*2 
is 4. And 4 bits can have 16 values (2*2*2*2=16). This is the principle of 
bitplanes. But, you'll think that if the ST has 16 colors, why shouldn't 
you use them all? Well, a programmer can choose to use only (for example) 2 
bitplanes in his scroller and has because of that only 4 colors available. 
Why does this guy do this? Becoz' it takes only half of the time needed for 
a 4 bitplane scroller, ofcourse. In the diagram below you can see a good 
example of how the bitplanes are arranged.

~BITPLANE.BL2~











In this first part I assume you want to paint a 1-bitplane font, coz that 
is the easiest to begin with.

2.0.3. THE GRID

The third and last question is the size of the font you want to paint. 
Usually the width of a font is dividable by 8 (8, 16, 24, 32 etc.). This is 
because it's (again) easier for the programmer. The height of the font is 
free, but it's usually dividable by 8 too. For an example, we will use the 
common size of 16 by 16 pixels. We'll use this size too because of it's 
conveniency of explanation. 

Once you've got your size, it is quite easy to make a grid. This move will 
make it a lot easier, because you won't have to think about every pixel you 
put (whether or not it is beyond the boundary you've put yourself up 
against). There are two types of grids, first one is the checkerboard (used 
by many professional painters because it's easy for normal (non-character) 
signs, e.g. game sprites). Second one (and in my opinion, the best for 
font-painting) is the ordinary approach. Both possibilities are shown 
below, I'd advise you to try both and make your own choice between these 
types.

~GRID.BL2~












2.0.4 CHARACTER TABLE

Because I assumed you wanted to paint a 16 by 16 font, you can have 
(320/16=) 20 characters per line. But in which order should you paint them? 
Here goes... Starting in the upper left corner, then to the right and then 
a line down etc.

                          !"    '() +,-./0123
                         456789:; = ?@ABCDEFG
                         HIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ

3.0 THE END (AND GREETINGS)

Now you know the first basics of painting a font, I think it's the right 
time to quit and start writing the next part. What can you expect then? 
Well, probably some tricks (time-saving), what not to do and probably a 
review of the best and the worst fonts ever...

This time, I want to send greetings to some of my good friends in the Atari 
business. Thanks a lot guys, I hope to hear more from you soon and that our 
contacts will last much longer than they already did.

Hi to:
   - Tolkien/?? (very cool guy, see ya)
   - Arcay/MF (also very cool guy, see you in Holland soon...)
   - Scorpion (yo man, what's up? I'll write soon...)
   - Sink/HMD (the answer is coming real soon now)
   - Fix/Odyssey (I will contact again soon)
   - and ofcourse all Giants members!

See you all in Bremen (hopefully!),

                              HAVOC '93
