CHINESE WISDOM 
~TEGEL.FIL~ 
                     'He who will cherish old knowledge and 
                      constantly gathers new, may become 
                      the teacher of others' 
 
                      Confucius  
 
                               
.. article by Slimer .. 
----------------------------------------------------------- 
        !!   C H I N E S E  W I S D O M   !! 
   warning: don't take everything in this article serious 
    warning: don't take the previous sentence serious 
-----------------------------------------------------------
 
Many of todays diskmagazines open their articles with a few 
words of wisdom. They also try to soak their articles in a 
soup of pseudo-intellectual-journalism resulting in 
articles like this one. D.B.A. may stay behind in the race 
about 'who is the most intellectual diskmag' on the scene, 
because we try to keep our articles readable and our 
English slightly bend.  
 
The question; does he mean all this must surely passed your 
thoughts by now ! Read on and find out ... 
 
Not everybody has a high degree in English and reads tons 
of literature written in this language. Many people seem to 
have problems with the writing 'evolution' in diskmag land 
and don't bother reading most of the articles anymore. The 
problem is, if you keep the article to simple you are 
likely not to be taken seriously by for instance non 
electronic magazines. If you take the contents to a more 
higher more intellectual standard, you are likely to lose 
many readers. Personally I think that we must take the so 
called middle course in this minidrama. One thought may 
comfort you, I'm no intellectual and not even pseudo- 
intellectual ! 
 
I'm also very pleased that ST-News has changed it's course 
in the Multi-Media direction and loses more of it's 
fictitious side. The interest in fiction is never that big 
as the demand for news on computers, music, movies and 
that sort of (pleasant) stuff.  
 
People who are reading this are probably wondering what the 
title and the opening sentence of this article has to do 
with all my misty blabbering about pseudo-journalism and 
fiction... Well, I was actually planning on opening my 
articles with wise Chinese sayings from now on. A little in 
the style of ST-News and Maggie (who ripped the idea also 
from ST-News) but with a somewhat other approach. I will 
pick sayings from one particular 'poet' for each issue out 
of my book of wisdom. 
 
For this issue it will be 'Confucius' owner of a chain of 
Chinese/Turkish restaurants and Babi Pangang specialist. 
He came up with many of his sayings while nuking living 
chickens in a cheap Samsung microwave-oven.    
 
 
                    'Bettel one chicken on the light 
                     wave-length than ten with mushlooms' 
 
                     Confucius 
 
Lets face it, have you ever encountered an owner of a chain 
of Chinese/Turkish restaurants ? I know, I didn't ! 
 
I don't know that much about this character so I gave him a 
background to make him a bit more interesting. Actually the 
guy is from a sort of lost generation of clever and wise 
men who are all extincted at approx. the same time as the 
dinosaur did. Leaving us with the inheritance of a couple 
of hundred politicians without wisdom or brains for that 
matter ! 
 
Seriously though, the Chinese were the first people that 
actually used poetry and astrology on a big scale. On this 
level the Chinese were miles ahead on the rest of the world, 
so you might say that the roots of all wisdom have sprouted 
in China !  That's why our magazine uses true wisdom (which 
is ofcourse bollocks)coming from the roots. So, side by 
side with true color and truesound, we have true wisdom ! 
 
Leaving you with your brain tangled in thoughts of  
Confucius, 
 
 
                         'He who doesn't know the power of 
                          the word can't know people' 
 
                          Confucius 
 
(Does the editor of this magazine actually belong in a 
mental-hospital for the criminal insane or is he just 
silly ?)
~RED.PAL~