COMANIA
~ARKA.FIL~

Last time, in the D.B.A. Magazine #11 I wrote some sketches about the 
Hungarian Atari scene and our COMA diskmag.
The reason that I'm here again is the release of the 8th issue of 
COMA, after one year break.

Bela Bartok, Franz Liszt, Zsazsa Gabor, Monika Szeles, Victor 
Vasarely, Tony Curtis, Ciccolina, Mark Knopfler (Dire Straits), Gene 
Simmons (Kiss), Alec John Such (Bon Jovi), etc...
This list contains just some of the most famous Hungarian birth 
people, but after them, Krisztian Varga (Scintillation), Daniel Nagy 
(Daniel) & Gergely Nagy (Greg) or better known as the CGD ST, the 
founders of the second (and now the one and only!) Atari diskmag in 
Hungary, decided to go on with their product and create another issue: 
the COMA #8!!!

This publication has an Atari ST and a specific Falcon version as 
well. The main program is based on an almost three year old code in 
GFA-Basic (with many changes of course), but now we're also using 
assembly sources in this issue thanks to our newest team member, 
Daniel Marczisovszky (D-System).
While all the previous COMA mags reserved only one DD disk per issues, 
the current eighth is on two DD disks for the ST owners!

What can we provide to our Hungarian Atari ST/e readers?
- more than 700 kbytes of articles (the average amount of texts was 
  approx. 200 kbytes from the first to the seventh issue)
- picture-displaying in 4096 colors on simple STs
- more 16-color pictures too
- more mini pictures in the texts
- a great module music during the cover picture
- a chip-sound melody while you're reading the mag
- and a dozen new functions...

You can find in the special Falcon version:
- many 256-color pictures
- 8-track module music during the cover pic
- 4-track MOD while you're using the magazine
- and many-many more...

Some words about the articles:
Our team is very glad to have more and more outsiders. Mainly, that's 
why now we have plenty of texts in different topics:
- Szerkesztoseg (Editorial): it deals with the introduction, the 
  letters from our readers, the credits/greetings, advertisements, 
  price lists, etc.
- Hirek (News): you can find here many actual themes from the world of 
  computers, mostly on the Ataris
- Demografia (Demo Column): it contains an overview of the ST & the 
  Falcon demo scene and its best works
- Trefa-Repa (Humor Column): a huge collection of laws, graffitis, 
  sketches and jokes
- Turmix (Mix): writings in the following subjects: culture, movies, 
  albums, concerts, interviews (you can read here one with Slimer 
  too!!!), parties, some ASCII arts and a very useful column that 
  informs you which article is in which issue
- Game-es Kut (Games): a huge amount of game reviews, cheats, tips & 
  tricks, maps and so on...
- Elhasznaloi (Utilities): a perfect column for the software users, 
  and coders with many detailed articles
- Toplista (Toplist): the top tens of Atari ST, Falcon and Jaguar 
  games, ST & Falcon demos
- GFX-Mania (Graphics): view of some pictures by/for us
- MIDI-Rovat (MIDI Column): this is a forum of MIDI news and 
  directions of the most popular softwares
- plus we give you a pack of some important soft- & hardware texts, 
  games from Hungarian programmers and many more helpful files

The only disadvantage of our informative & colorful mag that all of 
the articles are written in Hungarian and because it's not a world 
language and there is just a relatively small scene we have just a few 
readers. So, have a look at it and if you have an impression, please 
get in touch with us. If we will have enough feedback then we will 
start to make it in an international form. That's why we spread this 
issue in abroad.

If you would like to get this PD issue, then search it for the Atari 
sites on the Internet or e.g. the Gore Zone BBS (a big thanx to our 
friends, Lord Chaos and Memphisto for that!!!).

For further information contact us at:

Gergely Nagy                 ~PENPAPER.BLK~

Budapest
Nandorfejervari ut 8/D
1119
Hungary

Tel.: +36 1 1859 457

We were planning to go to Bremen to the Fried Bits Party 3, but
unfortunately we couldn't be there. Perhaps next year!!!

We're waiting for your opinions, ideas, helping advices and supports!

Greg

