DISKMAG ROUNDUP P4
~TROEP.FIL~

ON-Disk

 A British disk magazine by Paul Wilson.  Last known issue was number  3,  that 
appeared  spring  1988.  The program had quite an unintuitive  and  buggy  user 
interface, but the editorial contents were OK.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. A custom one that was not too good.
 Latest known issue: Not certain, but probably number 3.
 Address: Not relevant.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: English.

Power Disk Magazine

 A  monthly (!) shareware disk magazine run by James L.  Mathews (who  is  very 
young, 13 at the start of the magazine early 1993). It uses a STOS-based shell, 
I believe,  and it is supposed to work on any TOS 1.xx,  though not on that  of 
the  Falcon.  Although  the  editorial staff thinks highly of  itself  and  its 
efforts,  it's  just another good disk magazine really.  At start it has a  lot 
(like,  100)  articles  that were very small (like,  3.5 Kb  on  average),  but 
articles  are  getting  less and longer.  As of  issue  23,  texts  are  stored 
compressed and the user interface has been overhauled.  As of that issue,  mono 
compatibility was provided, though Falcon compatibility still seemed a long way 
off.
 It has changed status a few times and is currently shareware. Registering will 
award  you with a password that will give access to  competition  entry,  bonus 
prizes and discounts at Power PD.
 Status: Public Domain from issues 1 to 7. Power Licenceware from issue 8 to 15 
  (costs œ2.50 per issue including disk and p&p).  Shareware as of issue 16  of 
  May 1994 (œ1 to œ1.50 registration fee to cover running costs).
 User interface: Yes, an OK but rather slow STOS one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 23 (December 1994).
 Address: 3 Salisbury Road, Maidstone, Kent ME14 2TY, England.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Pure Bollocks

 A strictly underground magazine,  with rather controversial contents. Articles 
are  peppered with obscenities (and the demos with naughty piccies),  and  it's 
very coder-oriented.  Among others, this magazine features "how to" articles on 
cracking  digital  locks,  hacking answerphones and American Pirate  BBS  phone 
numbers. Lots of it comes from various sources "on the net". It's Scottish, and 
started with Issue 21, January 1993.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, a very flashy smooth one. Very original.
 Latest known issue: Issue 23 (September 18th 1993).
 Address:  P.O.  Box 1083,  Glasgow G14 3DG,  Scotland,  United Kingdom.  Email 
  an18359@anon.fenet.fi  (due to this being a double-blind  anonymous  account, 
  you will get strange messages sent to you every time you mail, but never mind 
  those).
 Health: Alive
 Language: English.

Quanta

 A multi-format on-line magazine that concentrates solely on the publication of 
fiction.  And quite excellent fiction, one might want to add. It was founded in 
1989 by editor Daniel K.  Appelquist.  Not much to be said about it.  It's just 
actually very good.  No more.  No less.  It goes out to over 3,000 subscribers, 
making it very big.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: January 1995.
 Address:  3003 Van Ness St.  NW #S919, Washington D.C. 20008, United States of 
  America, or email quanta@netcom.com.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Quantum Underground Anarchic Reading Konspiracy (QUARK)

 An English disk magazine available on ST,  Amiga,  PC and Amstrad CPC formats. 
Basically  it's  made  by Pete Binsley and two friends  across  these  formats. 
Concentrates  on fiction only,  but has a user interface.  Quite small -  their 
debut  issue  took up only 150 Kb in space (the program plus  about  two  dozen 
uncompressed short stories and the like).
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. A rather basic one.
 Latest known issue: One (September 1992).
 Address: 52 Avis Road, Denton, Newhaven, East Sussex BN9 0PN, England.
 Health: Alive?
 Language: English.

Quast

 A  Polish disk magazine put together by the Quast group,  in  Poland.  Nothing 
much is known about it, other than that it exists.
 Status: Not known.
 User interface: Not known.
 Latest known issue: Not known, but one should guess at least 1.
 Address: Ul. Niecala 3, 89-100 Naklo.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: Not known.
 Remark:  The  'l' in Niecala and Naklo is actually no 'l',  but an 'l' with  a 
  capital 'L' written across it with the vertical bit slanted to the right,  so 
  'l' and 'L' written on top of each other. That's Polish for you!

Random Access Humor

 This  is  an  electronic humour magazine,  a rag-tag  collection  of  fugitive 
humour,  some of which is vaguely related to the BBS/Online System  world.  The 
editor is Dave Bealer.  It started in September 1992 on a monthly basis, but as 
of 1994 is started a 10-month schedule (issues out each month outside July  and 
August).  Each  issue is available ZIPped as well as uncompressed,  and  as  of 
1993's issue 2 it's also available in a Tearoom BBS Door version (whatever that 
may mean, probably something MS-DOS-y).
 Status: Public Domain, online.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Volume 1 Release B, February 1995.
 Address: P.O. Box 595, Pasadena, MD 21122, USA, email dbealer@rah.clark.net.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

RTS Track

 A smoothly looking disk magazine from the Netherlands.  The first three issues 
(all  released in 1992) were in Dutch,  but after that it switched to  English. 
Like "Maggie" and "DBA" (Cf.) it's fairly demo-oriented, although the crew that 
makes  it stresses not to be a demo crew.  This is possible caused by the  main 
menu  appearance:  A  bit like a megademo but still managable.  About  40  were 
present in Volume 2 Issue 1,  some of which contained graphics as well  (medium 
resolution text with low resolution pictures - pretty slick!).  Issue 2.1  came 
on  two  disks,  the second one containing a load of shareware  utilities  also 
written  by  RTS,  the crew that releases the magazine.  The editor  was  Ferdy 
Blaset.  The 2.1 program was not fully Falcon compatible but you can get access 
to everything but the intro, and the low res pics in the text flicker a bit.
 After  Volume  2  Issue 1 the editor's ST broke down and  lack  of  funds  and 
support  for "RTS Track" have so far caused the magazine to cease  publication. 
Who knows, one day, it might start again.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, quite an excellent one. 
 Latest known issue: Volume 2 Issue 1.
 Address: Halleyweg 114, NL-3318 CP, Dordrecht, Netherlands.
 Health: Comatose.
 Language: Used to be Dutch (Volume 1), after that English.

Scream Baby

 This  online  magazine is best described by literally quoting some  stuff  the 
editor  (who  goes by the name of Blade X) wrote about it:  "What  do  I  want? 
Besides  world peace,  a sexy Mexican maid,  and someone to use  their  fucking 
brains  around here,  I want a really good  all-encompassing-sub-culture  zine. 
Music,  literature,  art,  television,  film,  weird space-time kinks,  events, 
information,  news,  humour,  interviews and reviews of 'Stuff I Think Is Cool' 
Not all at once,  of course. Each issue of 'Scream Baby' will come out whenever 
I  can scrape together 25-30 Kb of really good stuff." On a whole it's  unusual 
and interesting.
 Status: Public Domain, online.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: The May 4th 1994 one.
 Address: Email bladex@wixer.bga.com.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Scriba Communis Responsi

 This  magazine is somewhat unique among ST disk magazines insofar that  it  is 
slightly  crazy,  slightly religious and slightly absurd.  It used to  revolves 
around  an assumed religion involving a Number.  Lots of stuff about girls  and 
absurd bits about Everything about Life and the Universe. Main writers are Gard 
Eggesb³  Abrahamsen  and Kai Holst - the first is  also  editor.  Old  versions 
worked  on  colour  monitors only,  but start '93 all older  issues  were  also 
released   with   a   monochrome-and-colour-interface.   Specifically   Falcon-
compatible,  something of which they're exceedingly proud.  It probably has one 
of the most user-friendly interfaces seen anywhere.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface:  Yes,  a very neat custom one that doesn't change every  other 
issue.
 Latest known issue: Volume 2 Issue 2 (November 11th 1993).
 Address: P.O. Box 71, N-6092, Eggesb³nes, Norway.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Sixth Dragon, The

 The  Sixth  Dragon is an independent litarary magazine devoted  to  publishing 
original poetry,  short fiction, drama, comments, and artwork of all genres. It 
exists  in ASCII and postscript versions,  but also has 3,000 paper copies  per 
issue.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Not known.
 Address: Email martind@student.msu.edu.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Skynet Times

 A  fairly  new disk magazine edited by Jon Notts and  Richard  Davies  (a.k.a. 
Vogue  and Requiem),  and reported to be quite good and a good promise for  the 
future (though,  again, it borrows quite a lot of stuff from Internet sources). 
Started  out using the T.O.M.S.  shell,  but are designing one themselves  now. 
It's  released once a month,  and was originally a newsletter kind of  text  in 
"Power" disk magazine (Cf.).
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. No custom one yet, but soon will be.
 Latest known issue: Issue 2.
 Address: Not known.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.#

Sparks

 An  interesting poetry/fiction-only magazine for  creative  people,  available 
both  in  on-line  and  paper version and  generally  smaller  than  contenders 
"Quanta",  "InterText" and "Twilight World".  There's nothing more specific  to 
say about it, other than that it's edited by Jim Esch and Stacy Tartar and that 
it's quarterly.
 A subscription to the paper version costs US$ 8 per year (4 issues).
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Issue #7 (October 1994).
 Address:  32 North Kingshighway, #616, St. Louis, MO 63108-1248, USA, or email 
  jim.esch@launchpad.unc.edu.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

STabloid

 Fabulous-looking  disk magazine made in Holland by Sewersoft and  Galtan  Six. 
Very inspired,  but never became available with exception of one preview  issue 
released at the 1991 Atari Messe (or the month after?).  Seemed to be the  only 
serious competition for the new type of "Maggie" (Cf.) at the time.
 Status:  Intended to be commercial,  even though the preview issue was  Public 
Domain.
 User interface: Yes. A custom one that's rather brilliant.
 Latest known issue: The preview one.
 Address: Not applicable.
 Health: Abortively dead for sure.
 Language: English.

ST Age

 After  "STUNN"  (Cf.) died,  Dave Burns intended to start off with  "ST  Age". 
Unfortunately, he switched to PC before it got off the ground.
 Status: None.
 User interface: None.
 Latest known issue: None.
 Address: Not applicable.
 Health: Miscarried.
 Language: Not applicable.

STampede

 Another mag I have never seen.  From what I've heard of other people, I should 
be well glad of this.  It was commercial,  made in England,  and largely filled 
with ads,  lists of PD software and 'free games'.  Basically a load of ballocks 
as far as I've heard.  It ceased to exist in 1990 or thereabouts.  At least two 
(or three?) issues have been sighted.
 Status: Commercial.
 User interface: Not known.
 Latest known issue: Not known.
 Address: Not relevant.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: English.

STanzine

 Would have been called "ST World" but eventually wasn't.  Its aim is  humorous 
coverage of ST and stuff.  It costs œ1.50 (or œ1.00 if you send your own disk). 
The editor is Martin Betts. So far, only one issue seems to have been released.
 Status: Commercial.
 User interface: Yes. The S.A.N.D. shell.
 Latest known issue: Not known, probably 1.
 Address:  5,   Hempsted  Mews,   Lakeview  Park,   Chapel   Break,  Bowthorpe, 
 
  Norwich, Norfolk, NR5 9NL, England.
 Health: Alive?
 Language: English.

ST Applications

 Not to be mistaken with the British "ST Club" 'regular' magazine nor its 'disk 
version' (which is a collection of PD utilities on disk and can thus hardly  be 
called  a disk magazine at all,  and indeed it won't be here and  is  therefore 
omitted), this is an American effort. Offers loads of programs with it.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Not known.
 Latest known issue: Volume 1 Issue 7
 Address: Not known.
 Health: Not known.
 Language: English.

STatus Disk Magazine

 It's not known whether this disk magazine still exists.  It may be  dead,  but 
you  can  try out for yourself by writing them.  They  are  a  document-on-disk 
effort from the United States, and they are commercial. They offer high quality 
tips & tricks. The first issue was released in 1989.
 Status: Commercial.
 User interface: None.
 Latest known issue: Not known. Might be Volume 1 Issue 1.
 Address: Suite 299, 4431 Lehigh Road, College Park, MD 20740, USA.
 Health: Dead? Alive?
 Language: English.

ST Beermat

 A latecomer in the ST disk magazine scene,  but impressive  certainly.  Editor 
Kev  Davis  shows  us that there's more than  just  "Maggie"  (well,  at  least 
sortof). The interface looks slick and the writing style is witty and personal. 
I  shudder  to  think of what some of today's older disk  magazines  (I  shan't 
mention names) would have been like if the virgin issues had been anything like 
this.
 Status: Shareware (œ1).
 User interface: Yes, a custom one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 1 (July 24th 1994).
 Address:  Organised Chaos Licenceware,  Chasewater House, Kings Green, Berrow, 
  Malvern, Worcestershire WR13 6AQ, England.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

ST Bulletin

 The Dutch disk magazine,  intended to be the reincarnation of "ST Info"  (Cf.) 
that quit at the end of 1988. "ST Bulletin" never even happened, unfortunately. 
You could say it got interrupted in coito.

ST Contact

 A nice disk magazine, and a monthly one at that. The main menu and page viewer 
are  not the epitome of perfection - and programmed in "STOS" - but  they  work 
and show everything at a glance.  The editor is Derek Payne. Believe it or not, 
it's monthly.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, a custom one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 11 (September 1994).
 Address:  DMP Software, 89 Wolverhampton Road, Codsall, Wolverhampton WV8 1PL, 
  England.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

ST Digital

 Quite  an excellent disk magazine,  but unfortunately written only in  German. 
Its  editor  and programmer,  Christian Geltenpoth,  surely was one hell  of  a 
talented chap.  In 1989, his shell already offered pictures within the text and 
all  that.  It only worked on old TOS versions and  monochrome  monitors.  Last 
reported issue is number 2.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, a rather nifty custom one.
 Latest known issue: Probably issue 2.
 Address: Not relevant.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: German.

STEK

 A Polish disk magazine made by a group of the same name. Reportedly very good, 
with full-screen overscan with text in medium res and graphics in low. Probably 
colour only. Uses "Noisetracker" music on STE.
 Status: Unknown.
 User interface: Unknown, but probably a custom one.
 Latest known issue: They made at least one.
 Address: Unknown.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: Unknown, probably Polish.

Stellar

 A magazine written by Mark Nobes using "STOS".  The user interface is not  one 
of  the  best,  quite  limited and slow.  Its aim is to  review  Public  Domain 
software and PD libraries. Colour only.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. A custom one written in STOS.
 Latest known issue:  Winter issue (1991) has been seen.  Any further?  Another 
  source mentions issue 10. These might be the same, or might not.
 Address:  Newholme,  Aston Road,  Chipping Campden,  Gloucestershire GL55 6HR, 
  England.
 Health: Probably still alive?
 Language: English.

STench

 A  Norwegian disk magazine that used the SANDP shareware disk magazine  shell. 
It's  fairly  basic  insofar that they still explain  some  material  in  their 
articles that most people should know by now.  Unfortunately, it's in Norwegian 
so it cannot be advised as a general easy mag for beginners all over the world.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. The SANDP shell.
 Latest known issue: Number 2 (June 1992).
 Address: Storgt. 27 B, N-1704 Sarpsborg, Norway.
 Health: Alive?
 Language: Norwegian.


