GOSSIP BY HA-FUCK
                                     'Religion is opium for the people. 
~MARIO.BLK~                           That's why I became a Christian.' 
                                      Pope John Paul II 



 


=========> GOZZIP RULEZ! 
The intention of this article is to offend people who don't deserve to be 
offended, and hopefully making them offend some more people. 
 
----- 
LONDON, FEBRUARY 15th. From our reporter. 
A group of terrorists from the SAB (Smallingerlandse Afscheidings Beweging) 
have placed a very large semtex bomb near the 'secret' hiding place of Sam 
Rush'n'die. The semtex was very professionally shaped like a dwarve. Police 
got a phonecall from an anonymous Dutch diskmagazine editor, who probably 
had a bad temper, stating that he and the rest of the SAB were responsible 
for the craters in central London. When the police told him they hadn't 
heard of any craters moving to London since the age of the dinosaurs, he 
replied by shouting a famous four letter word (duck). The police 
automatically informed the Frisian embassy, whose secretary could tell them 
that there is in fact a difference in timezones between Fryslan and 
Britain. After a frantical search, the police found a softplastic dwarf 
near the Russian Dye hiding place. The dwarf wouldn't stop talking, and as 
nothing he said made any sense (Hi, I'm Pinkeltje, wanna plaaaaayyyyy?), he 
was taken to a mental hospital just outside of Manchester, which was also 
attended by 'spast', who said he was lost and Eric Cantona, who said he was 
the reincarnation of Bruce Lee. Just after arriving there, the dwarf 
exploded, leaving nothing but questions to the police. Any information can 
be forwarded to Postbus 51. 
----- 

-----
UMFOLOZI, FEBRUARY 18th. Source: Shaka Zulu News Agency (SZNA) 
Word goes round in Umfolozi that King Shaka Zulu plans to build a granary 
in the city, although the siege by the French still hasn't been put to an 
end. Other news includes that the Zulu scientists have just discovered the 
secret of ceremonial bury, and plan to experiment with it on Eelco 
Brinkman, the famous horse-back rider from Oost Knollendam. 
-----

----- 
DRACHTEN, FEBRUARY 25th. From our reporter. 
The now liberated people of Smallingerland have used their new rights in a 
free state for the first time. After several days of campaign, it was 
decided that the country's poststamps will show the backside of president 
Slijmer's head, because no-one wanted to lick his rearside. It is expected 
that very little post will be sent from Smallingerland in the near future, 
because no-one wants to lick the president's face either. 
----- 

-----
ZWOLLE, FEBRUARY 26th. From an anonymous source. 
Secret infiltrators in the 'DAWN' net of criminals have confirmed that one 
of the members of this organisation is working on an illegal version of the 
Atari operating system for PowerPC's. It will probably be called menTOS 
D.R.O.P. (Digital Re-Organisation Power) and requires at least 64 Megabytes 
RAM, a quadruple speed CD-ROM, 350 megabytes harddiskspace, 16.7 million 
color SuperVGA and a datarecorder compatible with Acorn Electron standards. 
----- 

-----
DRACHTEN, FEBRUARY 28th. From our reporter. 
Riots in Drachten city. The state's head office (Friwaco) has been put to 
flame. The president stated this "...is an act of unforgivable crime by the 
PLO...". The PLO (Pinkeltje Liberation Orginisation) is a communist 
terrorism group from a country called the 'Behindcorner'. Smallingerland's 
Security Alliance (SA) arrested a 13 year old midget coder from Brabant, 
who is believed to be responsible for the crimes. Meanwhile, the president 
declared that all shops owned by Take That fans should be banned. 
----- 

-----
WIJDEWORMER, FEBRUARY 29th. From the Neck News Agency (NNA). 
A well-known member of the Dutch scene, whose identity will not be revealed 
here, has created a radio-controllable version of the famous PEZ dispensers 
on wheels. Certain other members of the Dutch scene seem to go crazy upon 
seeing one of these fantastic pieces of candy technology, and will go 
running after it, no matter what they find on their way. Traffic jams, 
explosions, murdered people, slipmats, destroyed property, old socks and 
spacebeds have been found all the way from Ysbrechtum to Babberich and 
back. 
----- 

-----
BEETSTERZWAAG, FEBRUARY 30th. By the Smallingerland Free Press Office. 
A big parade was held in our great city Beetsterzwaag. Our president had 
important news. He said the parliament would be sent home, and would grant 
him all resources necessary to destroy the evil Take That-fans. He said 
they would be placed in camps. 
----- 

-----
HARDEGARIJP, FEBRUARY 31st. From our reporter. 
Terror rules the streets of Tytsjerksteradiel, as the forces from 
Smallingerland continue their fierce attack on the peace-loving country in 
Central Frisia. President Slijmer of Smallingerland declared that a lot of 
Take That-fans were hiding in Tytsjerk, and had to be killed right away. 
Meanwhile, scientists in West Knollendam have discovered a great 
resemblance in the astrological definition of Smallingerland's dictator and 
that of famous predecessors in his profession like Hitler, Lenin, Sadam 
Hoessein and Mussolini. 

-----
STEENWIJK, MARCH 7th. Freelance Report by T. Antemien.
The city of Steenwijk seems to be preparing some weapon of yet unknown 
power. Word goes round that there is something going on near the Kornelis 
Kunsthars Produktie B.V. Steenwijk, a company famous for producing dangerous 
projectiles. A spokesman of the company, who, by the way,  showed extreme   
resemblance to a certain member of the 'Dumb Boneheads Alliance', stated 
that there was indeed something under development, but no more details were 
to be revealed until the threat of Smallingerland would cease to exist. 
Meanwhile, in another part of the city, a middleaged coder was arrested for 
hiding a stolen jaguar in his gardenshed. It remains unclear whether the 
jaguar was still alive, or had ever been alive at the moment of the arrest.
-----

