HOWARD'S END P1
~OMEGA.FIL~  ~PURP_RED.PAL~
                                 HOWARD'S END
                                    - or -
                            THE BEAST IN THE CELLAR
                             by Richard Karsmakers


  I will not have it said that I am some kind of deranged person,  not  by  the 
mere  fact  that I have borne witness to the events I shall  relay  henceforth, 
extraordinary  as they are.  Even though people have been avoiding me of  late, 
pulling  up collars and urging their offspring inside with hushed whispers  and 
agitated motions,  I am still quite certain of my sanity.  Yet I shall no doubt 
acquire  repeated frowns of your brow once I have disclosed to you in full  the 
extent  of the horrors I have experienced ever since I moved into that old  and 
rather dilapidated house in Providence, Rhode Island.
 Having graduated from University last summer,  I had spent some initial months 
hitchhiking,  breathing  in  the air of my first true freedom and  seeing  many 
quaint and sometimes truly beautiful sights.  From car to truck,  from truck to 
van I went,  stepping into worlds I had never seen,  and leaving them when  the 
experience became either uncomfortable or somehow claustrophobic. I made casual 
acquaintance of many people,  until in the end my wandering spirit died,  or at 
least  fell asleep beyond rekindling,  and I became gradually aware of an  ever 
keening  desire in myself to settle and join the life I intended to lead  until 
the  day of my retirement or my getting tired of it,  whichever was  likely  to 
happen first.
  Having  had  writing ambitions for as long as I  remember,  I  longed  for  a 
somewhat  secluded  residence,  having always cherished the  inspiration  often 
brought  upon  me  by the silence of loneliness,  the gothic  quality  of  dusk 
outside town,  the rustle of the wind through the woods and the eerie sounds of 
nature  at night.  I sometimes think my writings saved me from a total loss  of 
reason, even after that one terrible night that...
 But no,  allow me to relate to you the story from its very beginning, from the 
moment I first caught sight of my new domicile to the moment that these  people 
came to fetch me and locked me in the dreadful,  half-dark room with its by now 
familiarly  damp,  fungi-bespecked stone walls,  leaving me only with  the  few 
writing utensils I employ to trust to paper my story now. There are still a few 
hours  left before the lights are put out,  which will bring to me yet  another 
gloomy  and  sleepless  night pregnant with the hauntings of  dark  memories  - 
memories  so penumbral I would myself not have considered them possible  if  it 
hadn't been me they were haunting.
 It had been one of those almost proverbially sunny days, one of those days one 
which fate smiles benignly and everything happens the way it should.  I went to 
a  Providence  real  estate agent's to enquire if perhaps there  would  be  any 
vacant properties to let. I had thought of purchasing, but decided I would need 
my scant savings for other things first. Once writer's wealth had found me - if 
ever it would - I could always look out for something to one day call my own.
 As it was,  however,  there was little choice for me.  There were only two  or 
three places to let,  of which all but one were too small and located rather in 
the  centre  of  town,  far away from the silence I would  need  to  strike  my 
inspiration's light and at too large a distance from a healthy morning's stroll 
through the forest I longed for.  The one left was a rather large house,  built 
of  wood  and looking all but dilapidated.  Upon studying the picture  in  more 
detail  a  clerk  came  up to me - in retrospect  he  seemed  quite  eager  for 
something  -  to tell me that in fact the house was in  pretty  mint  condition 
despite its outer looks, and that the last previous owner, an elderly lady, had 
passed away fairly recently.  The clerk himself could have passed for the  very 
old  woman's  husband,  for he appeared haggard and  ageing,  dressed  stiffly, 
balding,  with two patches of grey hair hiding part of his ears and the arms of 
his  glasses.  Something about his disposition also seemed to imply a  personal 
involvement, perhaps a more than casual acquaintance with the deceased.
  I imagined the place being quite deserted save six or seven cats  that  would 
all purr and rub my legs as I walked in,  a new owner of the place.  I imagined 
its dank smell,  the hairs on the couch,  a layer of gathered dust on a dresser 
the next of kin had forgotten to cover with linen. I imagined the stairs making 
woody noises under my feet as I ascended to the top floor landing on my way  to 
pick out a room where I would henceforth put myself to sleep,  and decide  upon 
another room where I could put my typewriter.  This would preferably have to be 
one with a hearth.
  Despite the fact that the house,  perched on a small hill with a bare  valley 
below  and dark green forests behind,  appeared much like one of  those  places 
where women were bloodily knifed to death in showers, I decided to take it. The 
rent  was affordable,  and as it was the horror genre I wished to  explore  and 
possibly  redefine  with my future writings I estimated this  particular  house 
would be all the more inspiring for my work. I decided to keep the cats, should 
there be any.
  When  I  nodded and asked more as to the conditions of  rent  and  where  the 
document  was  that  I had to sign,  I could have sworn I heard  the  man  sigh 
profoundly.  At the time I didn't make much of it,  but now I know why the  man 
let  out that obvious sign of relief.  I wonder if he knew anything  about  the 
*real* horror, anything other than the superstitions that might have roamed the 
little village,  preventing any of the locals from wanting to have anything  to 
do with the house or its inhabitants.
  That might also have explained the fact that none of the  agency's  employees 
seemed  at all willing to show me the way to the estate and there give  me  the 
guided tour I had expected came with any such agreement.  The same man that had 
uttered  the deep sigh handed me the key,  and I distinctly recall a  lingering 
sense of guilt in the way he looked at me - and kept looking at me until I left 
the office and had disappeared out of sight.

 If anything,  the house looked even more desolate in reality than it had  done 
on  the  picture.  It still appeared as if it was falling apart at  the  seams, 
though,  and  I  can tell you that I was not particularly  looking  forward  to 
autumn,  when  nocturnal darkness would fall early and hide from view the  bits 
that would be torn off if any storm dared tug at the ancient woodwork. I looked 
around me.  Something was distinctly discomforting, but I couldn't quite put my 
finger on it. The sun was already setting, and in the valley below a few lights 
on farms and homesteads had already been switched on.  I estimated the  nearest 
to  be about two or three miles off,  but the gathering dusk made it  difficult 
for me to estimate it more accurately.
 I walked up the garden path,  at which time it became apparent what seemed  so 
odd. There were no sounds. Even though I saw the woods behind the house move to 
and fro gently in the evening breeze,  the leaves made no sound whatsoever. All 
I  heard  was the soft wind in my ears,  hardly enough to blot  out  all  other 
noises.  At the time,  however,  like the unconscious knowledge of the  clerk's 
sigh lingering somewhere within a deep recess of my mind, I made no more of it. 
It  was just a really quiet late summer's evening.  Probably the wind took  the 
voice of the forest away from me, back to its own centre.
 When I stood in front of the door I put down my luggage, fumbled in my pockets 
for a while trying to find the key.  Once retrieved,  I inserted it in the lock 
and turned. There was a twist, some resistance, a click. After opening the door 
I  went  inside and locked it again.  The typically cool are of  a  perpetually 
shuttered house embraced me.
  My  premonitions about a cat had been right.  A lean black animal  with  eyes 
shining  bright yellow in the half-dark descended the stairs and  came  towards 
me, rubbed my leg for a while and then lost interest.
  There was quite a stench.  I couldn't quite identify whether it was just  the 
dank dustiness of a long-empty home or something else.  I put my luggage inside 
and  closed the door behind me.  The stench seemed to grow.  I had to find  out 
where  it  came from.  I followed my senses,  which let me go down an  old  and 
rather noisy stairway to the cellar.  I fumbled for a light switch,  found  it, 
flicked  it,  and found a pale light emerging from a single light bulb  in  the 
middle of the cellar.  There was a boiler, the kind that groans and clanks when 
toiling but that currently wasn't active,  as well as some half-decomposed  old 
paper piles. The smell gathered intensity. I knew what it was. It was the smell 
of death.  Maybe the cat had a private store of dead mice or rats down here.  I 
followed its black form around a corner in the L-shaped room,  suddenly to find 
my stomach twisting.  I had to swallow to keep from retching too violently as I 
saw  about  half a dozen dead cats lying there.  They were  partly  decomposed, 
their eyes glassy and dull in the scarse light, small insects crawling over the 
fur and partly exposed innards. I could have sworn the cats had died of fright; 
I  am  not  quite sure what cats look like when they're  scared  out  of  their 
skulls,  but  I reckoned it might very well be the way these cats  looked.  The 
teeth were visible like those of an angry cat,  the hairs on their backs raised 
in post-mortem.
 I went back up,  switching off the light as I left,  resolving to clean up the 
whole cellar the next day.  I was beat,  for some reason or other,  and  wanted 
first to go to bed and have a good night's rest. The one living cat followed me 
up the stairs.  It seemed to show no affection but a need to join me  upstairs, 
as  if being all on its own was simply too bleak a prospect to  the  animal.  I 
didn't think much of it, though, at the time.
 Little did I know of length of the night ahead of me.
  I am not easily frightened,  nor afraid of the dark,  but at night the  house 
seemed  to have its own subtle means of producing  inexplicable  sounds.  Never 
were they actually clear enough to be able to tell their cause.  Whenever I had 
identified a specific sound to listen to with more attention it ceased,  to  be 
replaced  by another sound that took a while to isolate,  and then  disappeared 
again to be replaced by another.  It was like looking intently at a star in the 
sky and suddenly seeing it disappear when looking straight at it.  Somehow  the 
sounds seemed to want to elude me.
  At  some instants I could have sworn to hear the cellar stairs  making  their 
familiar  creaking noise,  as if someone else,  *something* else,  was  in  the 
house. Surely I had locked the front door? I knew I had.
  At  just  past  midnight the cat starting making  a  strange  whining  noise, 
something  quite unlike the sounds I had ever heard cats make.  I had  left  it 
outside the bedroom door,  as I wasn't wont to have a cat on the bed, which was 
where  they were most likely to turn up eventually if only you'd give them  the 
chance.  I  had once read a book where mention was made that cats  could  steal 
your breath away if they slept on your chest, but I am quite sure that had been 
no part in my decision to leave it outside.
  I sat up straight,  trying to establish the reason for the cat's  discomfort. 
There were some sounds, like there had been all along, again seeming to want to 
elude me.  I lit a candle and got out of bed. The cat seemed to startle from my 
appearance through the bedroom door and scratched viciously at  me,  lacerating 
my pyjama trousers and tearing my flesh at the surface.  I cursed and tried  to 
kick the cat but already it was gone.
 It struck me that the cat seemed to want to evade being close to the walls, as 
if it were playing some childish game with deadly seriousness.
  I touched my leg.  It might be torn but barely bled.  I probably didn't  even 
have to get a tetanus shot.
  When my attention once more shifted from my leg to the house,  the  noises  I 
heard  seemed  louder.  Moreover,  they seemed to come  from  downstairs  quite 
explicitly.  The cellar? Were there rats, feasting on half a dozen cats' mortal 
remains?
 My cat suddenly stood still,  tail curling and twisting strangely and  somehow 
significantly,  in  front of a door to a room I had not yet explored.  The  cat 
made  a  frightful  noise,  then  attacked  the  door,  started  scratching  it 
viciously.
  I walked to the door and held the knob.  It was cold to the  touch.  The  cat 
retreated  when  it sensed my intent of opening the door.  I could  have  sworn 
there was a presence in the room, but the feeling disappeared at the instance I 
turned the knob and pushed it open.  There was a slight woosh of air,  cold and 
unmistakable,  a draught probably.  Next instant it was gone. I closed the door 
behind me, feeling a perverse desire to cover my back.
  The flickering flame of my candle threw strange shadows across the table  and 
books that seemed to be the prime feature of the small room. There was a window 
in  one  wall but its heavy curtains were drawn.  Had it been day  I  seriously 
doubted there would have been any more light.
  I looked up and down the walls.  There were strangely surrealistic  pictures, 
some  rather scary.  Some portrayed church towers around which haunting  shapes 
had  somehow  draped themselves.  Others showed a lonely writer  with  a  large 
looming  *something* behind him,  threatening to strike at the first  opportune 
moment.  The most terrible of all, and I couldn't help but be fascinated by it, 
was  a  huge  demonic monster stretching out its clawed forelimbs  to  a  water 
vessel,  the  background filled with unnaturally large blocks,  like  slabs  of 
concrete,  tilting  halfway  out  of the ocean as if  they  had  been  recently 
revealed  remnants of domiciles of a frightful and oversized race of beings  no 
longer known to earth.
 I went closer to see the writing on the bottom part of its frame. "Cthulhu" it 
read,  simply,  but this simple word instilled in me a fear I would  previously 
have considered myself incapable of feeling.  What had happened to me? What had 
happened to the ever-present rationalisations with which I used to drive  other 
people out of their minds with irritation?
 It was then that I saw the diary.  It lay on the desk, covered with dust, with 
an inkpot next to it.  A quill stuck in the ink pot but the ink had dried to  a 
thick  crust,  locking the writing utensil.  Why hadn't the writer put the  lid 
back on the inkpot?
  I  must have stared at the diary,  thinking of its implications,  for  a  few 
minutes before I finally stretched out a hand to take it.  I blew the dust off, 
revealing the initials "H.P.L." Who was this mysterious previous occupant?  The 
old woman they had mentioned?
 I opened the book.  I had expected a leathery croak, but still the only sounds 
I heard were those I assumed came from the cellar. The cat had developed an odd 
affection for my leg,  rubbing against it.  It seemed totally unaware of having 
scratched me mere minutes before.
 I turned pages to the end.  The handwriting was meticulously executed, densely 
written.  It was a bit archaic,  using a complex vocabulary.  I arrived at  the 
last  page that was written on.  March 15th 1937.  The diary must have been  of 
someone  - judging by the handwriting probably a man - who lived here prior  to 
the old woman,  or maybe even before that.  Why had the room been left  intact, 
untouched since as far back as 1937?
  A  felt a strange morbidity take over me as I read what might have  been  the 
man's last writings.


