INFO ON ST NEWS P2
~ORGANIC.FIL~
-- 1994 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Volume 9 Issue 1
 Works on ST,  MEGA ST,  STE, TT and Falcon. Not confirmed on MEGA STE. No need 
to start on ST compatible resolutions on the Falcon anymore,  and you can  also 
play the music.
 The first issue to be made all alone by me...but it got finished  nonetheless. 
It  is the first True Multi Media issue,  and is also the first to  be  totally 
Falcon compatible.  Anyway,  apart from the usual computer-related articles  it 
had loads of film reviews,  attention to books,  CD/demo/etc.  reviews and four 
extremely interesting interviews with Chris Holland of "Maggie",  Anathema,  My 
Dying Bride and Paradise Lost.  Software (p)reviews include "1st Word Plus  4", 
"Kobold  2.5",  "Chroma  Studio 24",  "Zool",  "Frontier -  Elite  2".  Further 
interesting  bits are the first ever "Nature of the Beast" column in "ST  NEWS" 
by Jeff Minter and the usual adventure solutions.  The PROGRAMS folder contains 
the "ST Zip" program required to de-archive any ZIP files you may have (such as 
the earlier ST NEWS issues).
 Volume 9 Issue 2
 Works on ST, MEGA ST, STE, TT and Falcon. Not confirmed on MEGA STE.
 Even more interviews (Gwar,  Yngwie Malmsteen,  Ofir Gal, Dan Wilga, Obituary, 
Napalm Death,  Anne McCaffrey, and more), more fiction (including "Oh Yeah 3"), 
lots  of music/film/software reviews,  totalling to over 1.5 Mb worth of  text. 
Also the first part of "Your Second GfA Basic Manual",  a D-Day  Memorial,  the 
biggest  ever  Cheat  Listing and the third incarnation of  the  disk  magazine 
roundup.
 Volume 9 Issue 3
 Works on ST, MEGA ST, STE, TT and Falcon. Not confirmed on MEGA STE.
 Reviews of "Geneva",  "NeoDesk 4",  "Rainbow" (art program), "ERGO!pro" and an 
enormous lot of CDs and a regular lot of concerts,  films and quite a few books 
(lots of Stephen King,  Tom Sharpe and some Philip K.  Dick).  The "Your Second 
GfA Basic Manual" continued, Falcon programming tricks by Evil Dead, interviews 
with Terry Pratchett,  Damien M.  Jones and various bands (At The Gates,  Altar 
and  Orphaned Land among others).  First instalment of the new regular "Just  a 
Box of Rain" column by John Weller. Programs on offer include "PAnTHer" and the 
"Grandson of Wowbagger the Infinitely Prolonged" swearing accessory as well  as 
source material for various articles.
-- 1995 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Volume 10 Issue 1 (the next one one)
 Will work on ST, MEGA ST, STE, TT and Falcon. Not confirmed on MEGA STE.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Remarks:

o    All compatibility tests on the Falcon or TT,  unless otherwise  specified, 
     were performed in either high or medium resolution ST compatibility mode.
o    STE  incompatibilities is usually caused by the "please write-protect  the 
     ST NEWS disk" alert box, on which it will lock. A patch program exists for 
     STE,  but for the same problem on the Falcon none exists so far.  The  STE 
     patch program may be found on ST NEWS Volume 5 Issue 2.
o    Bomb  crashes appearing on the Falcon are usually due to  the  music.  The 
     later ST NEWS issues (Volume 7 Issue 3 through Volume 8 Issue 2) can  have 
     the music turned off by default via the "SETUP" file.  Turn the music  off 
     on a compatible machine (ST or MEGA ST for example), then save the "SETUP" 
     file to disk ("Save Configuration"). It will then work on the Falcon.
o    "ST Zip",  the archive program you will need to be able to de-archive  the 
     ZIP files, may be found on ST NEWS Volume 9 Issue 1.
o    The  ZIP  file versions of ST NEWS are only available  directly  from  the 
     correspondence address.  These are no longer available as disks,  with the 
     exception of the Final Compendium.
o    The foreign distributors usually only have the Final Compendium and  later 
     issues (Volume 5 Issue 2 and up). They don't have the ZIP file versions.
o    If you want selected ZIP files,  please state exactly which ones you  want 
     and  make  sure their total amount doesn't exceed  the  available  storage 
     space on the disk you send. If you don't have "ST Zip", get ST NEWS Volume 
     9 Issue 1 or ask for it when getting the ZIP files and calculate about 250 
     Kb of extra free space for this archive program package.
o    Principally  you  need to add 1 International Reply Coupon  per  disk  you 
     send,  with the first disk needing 2.  If you live outside Europe,  you'll 
     have to add 1 IRC per 2 disks extra.
o    Some  people seem not to know what International Reply  Coupons  are,  nor 
     where you can get them.  Well, IRCs can be obtained from your post office. 
     They  are  small  green pieces of paper with a text  on  them  in  French, 
     German,  English,  Arab,  Chinese (or Japanese),  Spanish and Russian  (or 
     Greek?).  When you send them to us we can exchange them for Dutch stamps - 
     as we can't do anything with Swahili (or even English) stamps!
o    Should  you have additional compatibility results,  please tell  me  about 
     them.  I  am  especially keen on getting information on MEGA  STE  and  TT 
     compatibility of some issues.
o    ST NEWS is reported to work fine on the PC Atari ST emulator ("GEMulator") 
     but be sure, similar to some  issues on the Falcon, that the music doesn't 
     play!

 Official ST NEWS distributors world wide:

                 Torbj³rn Ose
                 Amundstad Gaard
                 N-2450 Rena
                 NORWAY
                 Email torbjorn.ose@hedmarkdh.no

                 Federico Bicini
                 Via Cometa 4
                 I-06100 Perugia
                 ITALY

                 Guido Stumpe
                 Kessenicher Str. 1
                 D-53129 Bonn
                 GERMANY

                 Libraire D‚mos (*)
                 9, Avenue Madeleine
                 F-92700 Colombes
                 FRANCE

                 M.H.R.
                 Postfach 649
                 A-4021 Linz
                 AUSTRIA

                 Dan Hollis
                 744 NW Kinney
                 Grants Pass, OR 97526
                 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                 Email goemon@venice.mps.ohio-state.edu

                 Lars Johansson
                 (* 10 SKr per issue that is 2 years old or
                  older, otherwise for free)
                 Bobergsv. 36
                 S-841 00 Ange
                 SWEDEN

                 Richard Clarkson
                 164 Grandview Grove
                 Macleod 3085
                 Victoria
                 AUSTRALIA
                 Email t821431@minyos.xx.rmit.edu.au

                 George Moschowitis
                 K. Varnaly 64
                 15233
                 Polydroso
                 Athens
                 GREECE

                 FaST Club (* œ2.50 per issue)
                 7 Musters Road
                 Nottingham NG2 7PP
                 ENGLAND

                 Jo°o Carlos V. Teixeira
                 Rua do Carmo
                 Conraria
                 3000 Coimbra
                 PORTUGAL

                 Krzysztof Wroblewski
                 Ul. Radosci 10/18
                 20-530 Lublin
                 POLAND
                 Email wroblews@klio.umcs.lublin.pl

                 Casper Falkenberg
                 P.O. Box 11
                 DK-4652 Haarlev
                 DENMARK
                 Email falken@stud.mdb.ku.dk

 The distributors marked with an asterisk (*) behind their name sell ST NEWS at 
Public Domain prices.  You'd better send them a letter plus some  International 
Reply  Coupons  to  get  to  know their  stock  and  prices  first.  The  other 
distributors (i.e.  those with no asterisk,  in case you're daft) only need  to 
receive a disk + reply postage + reply envelope (and a donation now and  then). 
For the ones selling at PD prices, please first inquire what they require.
 People  in Holland and in countries where no official distributor  exists  are 
invited  to  send  disk(s)  plus  sufficient  reply  postage  to  the  ST  NEWS 
correspondence address.

 THE ST NEWS CORRESPONDENCE ADDRESS

 Should you want to send anything to ST NEWS (and I do mean anything -  lettuce 
to the editor,  audiovisual/aural/visual messages,  CDs,  demo tapes, bootlegs, 
pictures,  and let's not forget pieces of green paper that can buy happiness if 
you  know where to go shopping),  please send it/them to the address  mentioned 
below.  You may also send birthday cards on or around November 3rd and Season's 
Greetings around the end of the year.  Whatever you do,  if you expect a  reply 
you shouldn't forget to include valid Dutch stamps or preferably  International 
Reply  Coupons  (IRCs - little voucher-type pieces of paper available  at  your 
local post office).  Including cash to cover postage costs is OK with me,  too, 
but  bear  in  mind never to send any coins.  Packages or  letters  that  don't 
include something with which I can obtain sufficient reply postage will have to 
be  of more than regular interest for me to reply to at all!  Some people  have 
been known to see this as a challenge...

                                    ST NEWS
                              Richard Karsmakers
                                  P.O. Box 67
                              NL-3500 AB  Utrecht
                                The Netherlands

 As  they say:  I will expect this P.O.  Box to be assailed by  the  proverbial 
flurry of rabid mailmen (and possibly worse)!  I also have an email account  in 
case  you  may  alternatively  want to contact  me  there.  I  will  expect  my 
electronic     mail     box     (which    has     email     account     address 
"r.c.karsmakers@stud.let.ruu.nl")  to be assailed by the proverbial  flurry  of 
electrons (and let's keep it at that, shall we?).
 If  you want the latest issue of ST NEWS sent to you (do note that this  offer 
is for email only!) just inquire at my email address. You'll even get a kind of 
subscription then.

 Engaging "wait for reactions" mode...now. Don't disappoint me.
~MINT.PAL~
