TETRHEX ,THE SPECIAL CLONE

TETRHEX is a game, or rather a group of Tetris-like or Columns-like games,
being played on  a hexagonal board,  with hexagonal cells.  One of the  main
features is the  possibility of creating  one's own rules.  The demoversion
is distributed with only one rule file, but other rule files can be 
supplied later.

Bonus says (after several times of playing it):

 Great fun, difficult but for real fans of these kind of games a good
 clone with very nice things added. Shame, no sound (Or I'm deaf) and
 the graphics could be better.

 Points: Well I don't like giving point's, you like this game or not.
         Like I said, for fans a must for others try it and you find
         out...
 
 (the rest of this text is mostly the read.me file but it gives you
  a lot of information of what to expect of this strange game...)

    1. System Requirements
       """""""""""""""""""

TETRHEX has been  written for Falcon,  but should  be able to  run on  any
Atari (or other TOS-based computer) having  a 68030 (at least) and a  Falcon
compatible (i.e. interlaced planes)  graphic mode 256 colors  >= 640 *  480,
possibly with a substitute operating system (TOS/GEM compatible).

TETRHEX needs about 300 KB free RAM (ST RAM or TT RAM). One of the  timers
A and D is required (cf "Starting TETRHEX"); the default timer is D.


    2. Starting TETRHEX
       """"""""""""""""

  TETRHEX can be  started either  by double-clicking  on its  icon from  the
desktop, or from a shell (e.g. Gemini shell). It accepts Unix-like  options,
which can be given by different  ways. TETRHEX creates a string composed  of
the file TETRHEX.CFG (if it exists),  followed by the command line  options.
Note: to have the possibility to enter options after double-clicking on  the
icon, you  must replace  the  extension .PRG  by  the extension  .GTP  (.TTP
equivalent for a GEM program). All the options start with the character  '-'
and are separated by blanks (space and control characters). The command line
mustn't have more  than 125 characters.  If the syntax  of the whole  string
isn't correct, the program immediately  ends (and returns an non-zero  error
code). Here are  the options (the  options that are  already recognized  but
that are useful for non available functions aren't given):

    3. Using TETRHEX
       """""""""""""

  Start  TETRHEX  (cf  "Starting  TETRHEX").   Hit  any  key  to  quit   the
presentation. A menu appears:

   . Help: help (unavailable in the demo version).
   . Undo: load a rule (unavailable in the demo version).
   . Return: play.
   . F1-F10: high scores (unavailable in the demo version).
   . Ctrl-Q: quit.

  Hit Return to play. When the game is over, hit Ctrl-Escape to come back to
the menu.


    4. Rule TETRHEX.RUL
       """"""""""""""""

Keys:
  . A (Q on the French keyboards): down (the piece stops for a while).
  . Insert: left-down.
  . Clr-Home: right-down.
  . Down-arrow: left rotation (counter clockwise).
  . Up-arrow: right rotation (clockwise).
  . Left-arrow: left (same height in relation to the lowest cell
    --> V-moving).
  . Right-arrow: right (same height in relation to the lowest cell
    --> V-moving).
  . Space bar: drop.
  . Escape: abandon.
  . Undo: pause.
  . Return: end of pause.
  . + (num pad): next level.
  . - (num pad): previous level (forbidden by the rule! thus here this key
    is useless).
  . Help: radar on/off.
  . Backspace: destroy all the hexagons, under the condition that you have a
    bomb (you have one when you reach 1000 bomb points) and that the current
    piece has bombs.

  The hexagons are destroyed in the following two cases:
    _ Formation of a line of  hexagons: these hexagons are destroyed.  N.B.:
      the lines are V's.
    _ If the  current piece  has bombs:  contact between  this piece  and  a
      connected (considering the  color) component  having a  bomb. The  two
      connected components are destroyed.

  Advise:
    _ It may be interesting  to join the  pieces of the  same color so  that
      more hexagons are destroyed by direct contact of two bombs.
    _ The keys A,  Insert and  Clr-Home may be  very useful  to drag  pieces
      under other pieces (to fill in holes).

  Note 1: it is natural that at the beginning you don't make a line.  You'll
improve as you play.  Moreover the demo version  is more difficult than  the
shareware version.

  Note 2: this rule file has a little bug that is noticed only in some  rare
cases (which  have never  happened with  me). A  corrected version  will  be
supplied later.

    5. TETRHEX, the Sharware version
       """""""""""""""""""""""""""""

TETRHEX is SHAREWARE. This means  that if you want  to use it and  receive
the complete version, you have to get  registered by sending 50 FF (or  more
if you want to) to:

      Vincent LEFEVRE
      24 rue Louis Blanc
      31400 Toulouse
      France

  Don't forget to give me your name and address!

  If you have Internet access, I recommend that you contact me first by
email. My address is:

      vlefevre@ens.ens-lyon.fr


The unregistered version has the following limitations:
  . The rule can be changed (the UNDO key is disabled).
  . The scores are not saved.
  . A game ends after about 5 minutes.
  . At most 10 games.
  . No external routine.

    6. Differences from the registered version 1.10
       """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

  They are many. Here is what else you can do with the registered version:

  _ Other rule files (easier): already exist: Tetrhex (more interesting  and
    easier version), Hexcolumns; planned:  Tetrhex light (much easier);  and
    maybe another rule...

  _ You can modify existing rule files and create your own rules: the  whole
    documentation will  be supplied  with the  registered version,  but  you
    should rather be a good programmer  to create your own rules. The  rules
    are written in a specific language (interpreted language), close to both
    functional languages  (expression  computing  in  prefix  notation)  and
    assembly language (low-level language). The format of the rule files  of
    the shareware version are different from the one of the demo version.

  _ You can load other rule files (Undo key).

  _ Scores are saved.

  _ Help on Tetrhex and on the loaded rule file (Help key).

  _ Radar (i.e. you can see the following piece).

  _ Pause (configurable in the rule files).

  _ You can  play in  a GEM  window (particularly  under MultiTOS).  TETRHEX
    supports the AES 4.1: you can iconify the window.

  _ You can  choose  the intensity  of  the  hexagons and  the  board  (with
    options).

  _ Better default display  (pieces and  patterns on the  hexagons are  more
    visible).

  _ An option allows you  to give TETRHEX a  group of relocatables  routines
    enabling TETRHEX to communicate with the outside. For instance, one  can
    write routines to allow playing with  the Joypad, or even playing  using
    your voice (a small vocal recognition with the DSP should be  possible),
    to make the computer play, to  have modules played at given moments,  to
    put your own images at the background... These routines don't exist yet,
    but they  can  be  written  without having  to  modify  the  application
    TETRHEX.PRG (the  documentation  necessary  to write  routines  will  be
    supplied  in  the  registered  version).  The  routines  consisting   in
    displaying images at the background and in playing modules will normally
    be supplied.

  _ Better menu. "game over" is displayed when the game is over. Escape  key
    to come back to the menu (instead of Ctrl-Escape).

  _ The registered version works  with versions of  SpeedoGDOS in which  the
    font identifiers are translated.


