
ñAugust 13, 1999ð
ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
ó               Experiences with Centurbo II (Rev-B) and Centek.ð
ó-------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð

                      by Anders Eriksson (ae@atari.org)
                      ---------------------------------

First of all, this 'review' is very objective. I got my
Centurbo II for free, and hence I might be overlooking
some bad sides other people who actually spent money on
it is bothered about.



 1. Hardware

 2. Unpacking

 3. Installation

 4. Using

 5. Problems

 6. Final thoughts





ò1. Hardware.ð

   The Centurbo II is a circuitboard which fits to the
   internal expansionslot of the Falcon. Plus that it
   has the 'usual' Nemesis/Centurbo 1 motherboard over-
   clockings and patches.
   
   In a few lines, this is what your Falcon has after
   installing:
   
   - A new 68030 running at 50 MHz.

   - A socket on the Centurbo II board to put a new FPU
     in. It will be clocked at 50 MHz.

   - Overklocked DSP to 50 MHz.
   
   - Overklocked ST-RAM/BUS to 25 MHz.
   
   - IDE-Interface patches to allow newer and larger IDE-
     harddisks at higher speeds.
     
   - Overclocked Videl to 50 MHz.
   
   - 16, 32, 64 or 128 MB Fastram. Accessed at 50 MHz,
     32-bit with burst.



ó2. Unpacking.ð

   When first hearing of the Centurbo II, reading the news
   from Centek one would belive this is something they
   have put their entire soul into. Getting an absolute
   perfect product, in every detail.

   Not even god managed to create a perfect world, so I 
   took those newsletters with a bit of salt.

   Later, about 8 months to be precise, the Error In Line'99
   convention took place in Dresden/Germany. Their Falcon
   democompetition proudly stated a Centurbo II accelerator
   as first price. Not bad!  I entered a little demo to the
   competition, and to my surprice it won, which means I
   got the Centurbo II card.
   

   Back home from the party, I unpacked it (ok ok, I unpacked
   it earlier on the way home too) and took a careful look
   of what was there, here's the list:
   
   - An antistatic bag with the Centurbo II card.
   
   - A plasticbag with a short wire, a few photcopied a4
     pages, a switch, a resistor and a little veroboard peice.

     Oh! I almost forgot, you got a sticker saying
     "Powered by Centek" as well.
     
   The next thing to notice is that the installation manual
   really did not motivate me to actually have the card
   mounted. It was a bad photocopy, and unclear in most ways.

   The english is very badly checked, and can sometimes
   be confusing. This is what happens when you take French
   grammar and English words. If you have tested the Altavista
   Babelfish translator, you will feel at home with Centeks
   English as well.


   At this stage, I was lucky to have taken some salt with
   with the Centurbo II newsletters. There is zero feeling
   about professionalism once you receive the card.

   But maybe it's just a French way of doing things? 
   Let's go on!

   
   The board itself looked robust and welldesigned.
   Except for a terrible cooling fan; it did not fit
   as it should and has a tendency to easily fall off.

   That help a great deal to enhance the "low-class" 
   feeling of the entire product. If they can't even 
   fit a fan, will the damn board really work?


ò3. Installation.ð

   Here comes the horror part.
   
   Strip it naked, cut some legs, sue it together.
   
   Sounds like the Frankenstiens Monster movie, but it isn't.
   This is what happens during a Centurbo II install. 
   
   If you dare, go on reading.

   All the hopeful promises from Centek about "easy install"
   quickly vanishes when you read what has to be done, or
   what about this:
   
   - Cut a leg from the existing 68030!
   
   - Cut several legs from other chips!
   
   - Cut two paths on the motherboard!
   
   - Cut your IDE cable!
   
   - Solder over a dozen points, including soldering directly
     to the motherboard and to the old 68030!

   Yes, and it really isn't any easier than it sounds. The
   pins of the 68030 are very tiny, and cutting tracks on
   the motherboard isn't the easiest thing. Especially not if
   you like it done with precision.
      
   For any Atarian with a weak heart, do not do this yourself,
   you'll fall into tears seeing the machine being butchered!
   
   
   Anyway, if you against all odds manage to get the soldering
   and cutting done, it's time to install the actual board.

   This is a peice of cake, 10 seconds and it's there. 5 secs
   more to fit the EDO SIMM module.
   
   Now the fun begins (hopefully) !



ò4. Using / performance.ð

   Having read the instructions, it is told that you should
   boot the machine, and run the "putflash" program to enable
   the Flashboot setup, and then also be able to enter the
   turbo modes.
   
   However, in my case the Flash was already loaded, and it
   started directly when I switched the machine on.
   
   And I mean directly here! From power-on until the Flash-
   bios menus are on screen it is like half a second delay!


   The next thing you notice is the extreme ugly colours and
   font of the flashbios! Jesus, did they hire a kindergarden
   kid with crayons to make this one?

   The flashbios is configurable, and the way you move around
   the menus is crap. Like a 5 min hack from a lazy programmer.
   Some would even suggest it's worse than those sh*t crap
   dhs musicdemo-menus ;-P

   In the flashbios you can toggle a few things, like the
   boot resolution, which harddisk driver to use, dsp and ide
   waitstates and a few things more, such as:
   
   Decide to boot in three ways:
   
   - Dolmen.
     This is an alternative OS from Centek, which unfortenly
     was not delivered. I wonder if they (Centek) ever got a
     Swedish mail about that name, it's sort of a synonym
     for penis.
     
   - TOS 4.
     This is the good old TOS, no differencies, except that
     the machine is running alot faster! Yep, the CPU is
     running in 50 MHz here, but there is no FastRam
     supported.
     
   - TOS 7.
     Yeah. This is fullspeed 50 MHz with Fastram! The TOS
     is patched and put into Fastram. There are other things
     such as a new error handler (replacing the old bombs..)
     which tells a bit more specific what has happened. You
     are also allowed to exit the program causing the error,
     you can try to continue (really useful!) or reboot the
     machine. A real improvement to the old bombs.
     
     
   So after having booted in TOS7 for the first time, you feel
   "so this was all". And yes, it actually is. The machine runs
   a bit quicker.
  
   But well then, how much faster does it run?
  
   This is a question without answer, as it performs differently
   from application to application. Depending if the app can
   make use of fastram, how dsp-intense it is and which
   videomode it runs in.
  
   If the application uses no dsp, and can't use fastram, the
   average speedup is 2-3 times. Depending a bit which video-
   mode and how good the code is (eg, cache optimized).
  
   On the other hand, if the application is pure DSP the 
   increase stays at around 60%.
  
   The best case for noticeable speedup is if the application
   uses no dsp, has good fastram support and is running in
   an intense videomode. Then you can end up with some 6-7
   times speedup. A good example of this is if you run a
   packer in GEM with a high screenmode.
  
   Here follows a few tests I've done, in the no-turbo modes,
   the extended resolutions have been made with BlowUP.
  
          Test: LHA packing
    Resolution: ST-High
   Normal Falc: 2 min 53 sec
      CT2 Falc: 0 min 44 sec

          Test: LHA packing (same file as above)
    Resolution: 896*704*4bit at 64Hz
   Normal Falc: 5 min 57 sec
      CT2 Falc: 0 min 47 sec

  
   As you can see from these two tests, the extended resolution
   almost killed the standard Falcon, while the Fastram on the
   CT2 saved the speed to almost the same level as  with ST-High
   resolution. 

   Check the test below, it's the same file again but with twice
   as heavy videomode.
  
          Test: LHA packing (same file as above)
    Resolution: 896*704*8bit at 64Hz
   Normal Falc: not possible
      CT2 Falc: 0 min 48 sec


   As you can see, still practically the same speed! Fastram
   does wonders!

   It isn't hard to create a demolike application that uses
   fastram all the way.

   These are the steps:

   A. Calculate how large the program is and add space
      for stack (in this case $1000 bytes).

      move.l  4(sp),a5         ;address to basepage
      move.l  $0c(a5),d0       ;length of text segment
      add.l   $14(a5),d0       ;length of data segment
      add.l   $1c(a5),d0       ;length of bss segment
      add.l   #$1000,d0        ;length of stackpointer
      add.l   #$100,d0         ;length of basepage
      move.l  a5,d1            ;address to basepage
      add.l   d0,d1            ;end of program
      and.l   #-2,d1           ;make address even
      move.l  d1,sp            ;new stackspace


   B. Do an mshrink() call to return all mem we don't need.
      Using the registers from previous calculations.

      move.l  d0,-(sp)         ;mshrink() - bytes to keep
      move.l  a5,-(sp)         ;address to block (basepage)
      move.w  d0,-(sp)         ;dummy
      move.w  #$4a,-(sp)       ;
      trap    #1               ;
      lea.l   12(sp),sp        ;

  
   C. Reserve memory with the mxalloc() call with ramtype '0' 
      requested. This asks for stram only. Should be called
      to reserve memory for screenbuffers and sample-dma
      buffers. If d0.l returns '0' there wasn't enough free
      stram, and you should pterm().

      move.w  #0,-(sp)         ;mxalloc() - stram only
      move.l  #bytes+256,-(sp) ;number of bytes+256
      move.w  #$44,-(sp)       ;
      trap    #1               ;
      addq.l  #8,sp            ;

      tst.l   d0               ;check if there was enough ram
      beq     exit             ;nope

      add.l   #256,d0          ;
      clr.b   d0               ;make screenaddress even
      move.l  d0,screen_adr    ;save address

     
  D. That's it.
  
  

ó5. Problems.ð

   Centek promised alot. 100% compatibility, no errors with
   anything. Better sound than CT1 and Nemesis. New improved
   IDE interface that is much more compatible. Normal mode
   which would run anything. Easy installation. Great
   support.
   
   It was all hype. Nothing of the above feels familiar
   with my situation. Here's the real thing, how I experienced
   it.
   
   
   * Better sound than CT1 and Nemesis.

     I can't talk about CT1, but for sure the Nemesis machines
     I've tried had just as good sound as my CT2 machine.
     Eg, identical to a normal Falcon, not better, not worse.
     
   * New improved IDE interface.
   
     Bullshit. Perhaps it's faster, perhaps it can use newer
     harddisks. But better compatibility? No chance. My own
     IDE disk stopped working.
  
   * Normal mode runs anything.

     This was professional craptalk. Centek knew themself that
     they didn't wire the DSP-INT, not in turbo, not in normal
     modes. Some DSP programs are using DSP-INT, and will crash,
     Turbo or Normal mode doesn't matter. So how on earth they
     could say the machine was 100% compatible has no other
     answer than that they lied to get more customers.

     If you tried to talk to them, pointing out that the
     CT2 did have a problem here, they replied extremly arrogant
     in the style of "crappy coded software uses DSP-INT".

     Yes perhaps crappy programs does, but still, those crappy
     programs does not run with CT2! And, in my opinion some
     of these programs are not crappy at all. MegaPlayer is
     one example. If you upgrade to CT2, you can kiss the
     MegaPlayer goodbye.
     
     
   * Easy installation.

     As said above: If you are not extremly good at electronics
     and have professional tools; this is nothing for you!
     The easy install arguments was false, and I belive Centek
     themself realised it too. They no longer sell the cards
     without doing the fitting themself.
     

   * Great support.
   
     What a joke. Centek is known for being rude to their 
     customers. Constantly "downranking" them. Have them feel
     like imbecills. 
     
     Same thing happened to me. I was asked to read the FAQ,
     even though the FAQ didn't contain anything of what I
     asked for. I was asked to read french docfiles. I know
     no french! I asked them alot of questions, they might
     have answered 10% of them. It should be said I've only
     tried their E-mail service, not phone.
     
     However their e-mail service seems to be there to
     push down their customers so they don't dare asking
     anything more.
     
  
   My own Centurbo II problems are a history of themself. 
   Below is a micro-version of what happened, and made me more
   or less Falconless for three months.

   
   After the actual hardware installation first had been made, 
   I started to test some software.
   
   I quite quickly noticed that a certain type of applications
   didn't work at all: DSP-Audio ones.

   MP2 Audio, FlaySID, DSPMOD etc all crashed. And I knew these
   programs worked with a friends CT2 machine.

   Further problems were that the auto-folder text was a bit 
   screwed, some letters had the wrong offset.
   
   My IDE disk didn't work.

   The 32mb EDO SIMM was seen as 64mb by the CT2.
   
   The standard mode was terrible. Crashing much more than the
   turbo mode.
   

   So I tried to e-mail Centek for the first time, to hear if
   they have any tips for me, how to solve these problems.
   
   The first reply I got was quite alright. They probably
   answered 50% of my questions. And not a single pointer
   to a FAQ or french docfile.
   
   The auto-folder textproblem was due to my blitter not keeping
   up with the 25 MHz speed correctly. It shouldn't have any
   other sideeffects regarding to Centek. Okey, phew.. one 
   problem down.
   
   The IDE disk however was a downer. I was told my IDE was
   too slow. Great.
   
   Centek wanted to know the brand of my EDO simm and how
   many chips it had.
   
   Their tip about crappy standard mode was a bad 32MHz signal.
   
   The DSP-Audio problems was probably from an unstable SDMA.
   
   
   
   So I began composing a reply to their mail, telling the
   EDO-SIMM type, and here I made my first misstake; I forgot
   to count the number of chips on the SIMM. At this time
   I had written my own ram-test program that actually
   verified the SIMM to be a 64mb one. The dealer at the 
   shop had given me the wrong one. Hurray, 32mb extra for
   free. I don't complain!
   
   However, Centek did. I got to know with alot of CAPITALS
   and '!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!' marks that I forgot to tell
   them the number of chips on the SIMM.

   They didn't have any suggestion about the DSP and Normal-
   mode problems other than "Send the Falcon mb+ct2 to us, we
   will fix it. We perfectly know the Falcon".
   
   Yes, even the grammar misstakes were like that.
   
   
   Well, I decided that we (me and my friends who helped with
   the hardware installation) should make a last try to
   check everything before sending back the machine to Centek.
   
   It didn't work out at all. There was no difference made.
   
   In the meantime, I had given Centek the number-of-chips
   information about my EDO SIMM, and got to know from Centek
   it was a 16mb SIMM, not 32, not 64. Bahh what nonsense.
   
   
   At this time I was in the middle of fixing the 4col intro
   and waited with sending the machine until that was done.
   
   
   So, I shipped the Falc, the cost was approx 25 euro. I had
   most of luck getting a replacement Falcon while the other
   was in France. After approx 2 weeks idle, no word from
   Centek at all. I mailed them and asked if they had gotten
   the Falcon. No responce. A week later they wrote and told
   me the Falcon was fixed, and had been sent back.
   
   Yippie!  However, they did send it with the slowest possible
   mail. So from the date it was sent, until I got it was
   nearly two weeks.
   
   
   It was interesting to see what modifcations they had done
   to our install.
   
   An example: In the instructions of fitting, it is clearly
   stated that you should not, absolutely not have any leads
   going over chips. And still, Centek themself had even taped
   a lead right on top of my videl! 

   So, assembling the machine, and testing.. will it work now?
   
   Answer: No. The machine was stone-dead. Not even the Flash-
   bios menus appeared on screen. I shut the CT2 off, and what
   a surprice, the machine started. Alright, checking so the
   CT2 module is fitted well, and the EDO SIMM as well. Yep,
   seems to be alright, let's try again. Same thing, no life
   at all from the machine, except the CT2 led.
   
   Next was removing the EDO SIMM and see if that made any
   difference. And whoa! It did. The machine started, showed
   the flashbios.  Damn, have Centek messed up the EDO 
   controller on my CT2?  Fixed anohter SIMM to test with. 
   This one did however work! It was a slow old SIMM, and the
   CT2 was very very unstable with it. Not exactly surpricing
   as the CT2 needs 60ns SIMMs, and this one was a 80ns.
   
   So, it looked like that my 64mb EDO SIMM was damaged.
   I wrote Centek and asked what could have gone wrong. They
   replied that I should try downgrading the Flashbios, as 
   they had put a beta version there! Cheez... Okey, downgraded
   the flash and the machine worked with my 64mb SIMM.
   
   Why Centek install beta flashes to their customers is a
   mystery, or why they reset the NVRAM another (my Falcon
   came back with French nvram setups!).
   
   Not a big deal if you are familiar with setting up the NVRAM.
   
   Okey, now I am supposed to have the machine working anyway.
   100% as Centek claimed in their commercials.
   
   Let's test.
   
   Xboot and NVDI have a hard time to boot, one time of three
   they crash upon booting. Centek replies that they shouldn't.
   But gives no suggestion or other ideas why it does or how
   to fix it. 
   
   If the machine comes thru Xboot and NVDI, it works pretty 
   well however. The apps I expect to work, does work. The ones
   with DSP-IRQ fails, even with Centeks feeble attempt of a
   patch program for this.
   
   So, time to test old-time compatibility. Switch off the CT2,
   load some old stuff. It works like shit. The machine is way
   less stable than in turbo mode! I quickly realise that 
   Centek can not have made any tests in normal-mode at all.

   Even though I did tell them about those problems.
   
   
ò6. Final thoughts.ð

   At the moment, what hits my mind when saying "CT2" is
   nothing but "problems".
   
   Centek have produced 240 cards to date, and I feel sorry
   for all of the people who put money to get into trouble.
   
   Because it is trouble. Especially if you depend on the 
   Falcon a bit, eg. use it for daily purposes, not only for
   watching a demo now and then.
   
   Considering the high price of the CT2, it cannot be said
   to be priceworthy at all. Especially not if you use the
   machine professionally, and loose money with every minute
   the machine is not working or away for fitting. Becuase with
   Centeks slow snailmailing, it takes you ~3 weeks to get the
   machine back.
   
   The speedincrease is what can be expected. Nothing over
   the ordinary, but still it's a nice feeling compared to a
   normal Falcon.
   
   The extra memory is great though. Especially if you run
   the Falcon with a bit more demanding operatingsystems
   such as Linux or MiNT. 
   
   MiNTOS boots in a flash. N.AES starts in a kick. If you
   give the MiNT kernel a few megs memory for diskcache,
   it speeds up the disk operations a whole damn lot.
   Changing resolution in N.AES and having the diskcache
   up for some megs, the change is done within a couple of
   seconds. It hardly touches the harddisk, all goes from
   fastram diskcache.
   
   MP2-Audio goes down from average 80% DSP-Load to average
   50% when playing 192kbit files. Plenty of time to add 
   extra sound effects.

   There are many negative sides, and one that never escapes
   you is the damn ugly boot sequence. Starting in cyan/white
   colours, continues to blue/yellow and then sticks to the
   normal nv-ram bootsettings. If you enter the flashmenu,
   the colours are even worse.

   A few demos run fine with the CT2, those are easily counted
   though. And with running fine I mean those who actually
   take use of extra hardware, not just those that look the
   same or running too fast.

   The CT2 is almost a "vga only" product, so it's a big
   dissapointment almost all demos are rgb only. Again, there
   are some that both runs with vga and take use of extra
   hardware. The ALIVE demo by FUN is an excellent example.

   
   Okey, that's that. This review is my very personal opinion
   and other people might think different. 


   --   
ò   Anders Erikssonð
ñ   ae@atari.orgð

