
{*f1 PIE BILL GATES {*f0

 ñ-------------------------ñ  by   óS E C T O R   O N Eð ñ-------------------------ð
                       
   Code : òExylð + ñSt Ghost (debugging)ð     Gfx : óeDoð   Msx : òDma Scð + ñU4riað                      
      

    Here is at last the  òfullð version of  Pie Bill Gates  surely one of the most 
ñprofessionalð ST games released over the last  months. In the  previous UCM I had 
told you about the  preview and so I am  not going to get through  the same shit 
again instead let's go point blank :

     The game runs on óall Atarisð with a soundchip on STf and a soundtrack on Ste 
and Falcon. The demo remains similar to the preview's except for the music which 
is now a cool atmospheric module by a guy called U4ria. Likewise as for the menu 
still well designed as you can see below :

{*i PIC1.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

     In the menu the same  module goes on  with a 25 Khz  quality on Ste (cannot 
tell you if it is 50 Khz on Falcon). Let's have  a closer look  at the different 
choices to be made here :

     óOPTIONSð : few choices but no real  need for more. You  can switch between a 
soundchip and a module and choose the frequency (50 or 60 Hz) of the screen. STf 
users won't have  much choice of  course but the two chips  by Dma Sc are really   
òcool !ð No control option is offered so you'll play with the mouse.


     óQUITð : try to guess what this one is for 8-)
     
     óSCORESð : again very hard to guess. Another ñstylish screenð but unfortunately 
I cannot show you how much since every article can only host 2 fullsize pictures.

     óSTARTð : yeah the main thing ! Four play modes are offered here
     
      ñ |ð    
      ñ ''''>ð  òTRAININGð : well most of you have a brain therefore I won't have to 
       waste much time on this  one. Here you can  practice your shooting skills 
       to start with 3 Bill Gates at the same time up to... óTWELVE !!ð And you'll 
       need this practice session trust me !
       
      ñ |ð
      ñ ''''>ð  òTIMING :ð here you are given one minute to shoot 100 Bill Gates. If 
       you reach this  first step  then you  must shoot  100 more. Each time the 
       number of heads increases by one. In the  end you won't have enough brain 
       to shoot them all !!
       
      ñ |ð
      ñ ''''>ð òDECREASING :ð weird name  for  another difficulty level for óhardcoreð 
       gamers. It's the same  principle applied  but every  time you miss a head 
       you'll lose 10 points. Argh much harder !
       
      ñ |ð
      ñ ''''>ð òMEGA DECREASING :ð this one is for ómasochist !ð Not  only you lose 10 
       points every time  you miss a head  but also when  you throw a pie out of 
       your target !!  Really really hard !!!
       
       But maybe it's time to have a look at the game features with another 
       snapshot courtesy of Exyl :

{*i PIC4.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

       As you can see the game area is  òvery well designedð : on  the left a neat 
bow indicates your score, time, missed heads  and tossed pies. The background is 
also very nice with a 1plan Microsoft logo. As for the main part people who have 
already seen the  PC  version will  agree with  me on that point : it looks damm 
ómoreð beautiful (STe colors?). The animations are ñsmoothð only the mouse haircross 
seems a little too slow  sometimes (I usually  play in  60  Hz to  get over this  
small inconvenient). The sound  is cool either you enjoy the module or soundchip  
both composed by Dma Sc. Too bad you cannot have sampled FX too because after 20 
minutes or so you feel a little sick of the music...

    Of course when you score  a high number  of points you are  allowed to enter 
your name (another  great screen follows  up) and it  will be saved to disk. The 
game runs from harddrive even though I've noticed that there's an annoying mouse 
ó"non stop clicking"ð sometimes. 

       òBottom Line :ð A real cool game with óneatð graphics sound  and animations !
The game isn't perfect either but it's very  good for sure. You ò* MUST *ð have it 
unless you dislike throwing pies at our friend Bill Gates ;-)

ñ---------- ----- ------ -- - -   ------------------------------------------- --ð
                                                         òreviewð by ñSTsurvivorð
ñ------------------------------------------- ------- -- - -------------- ----- -ð