
{*f1DOCUMENTARY ILL{*f0

Game creators, like me, usually enjoy writing documents, manuals, changelogs, 
even comedy to accompany their productions. But for some reason, the people 
these files are written for, lack interest in reading these documents. This 
includes some reviewers. Make that "German reviewers". Make that "I'm sorry 
Paranoid, I'm only joking". They share this one obvious thought, just start the 
game and see how it works. Does this mean all sweat and tears spent on writing 
those articles is always useless?

The text files that come with productions are usually very carefully written and 
nice to read. For example, take the Reservoir Gods' "Stupid Balloon game", which 
features an impressive piece of comedy. But not in the game itself (balloons 
aren't funny), but in the readme file. A good textdocument can even improve a 
game, for some games feature extras that aren't too obvious to get. On the other 
hand, it can totally demolish a game. For instance, Bombaman, which is quite ok 
despite the flickery sprites and the brainwashing terrible ("original") 
chipmusic, until you read the document that comes with it. It makes you wonder 
whether you were hallucinating again when you played Stardust, if Bombaman 
appears to be the "Ultimate STe action game", according to the document. Some 
people will understand what I mean. :-). Others won't. Like I care.

Fact is, that people just don't want to bore them selves again with reading. 
Something very understandable. "I've been in NAM.. I mean highschool". And then 
there are those people that can only read machine language, often referred to as 
"coders". And restyling a document with DC.Bs doesn't help. Finally there are 
people who just can't read English, how silly the idea might be. These are 
called the French people. Species more like. They live in caves and eat rotten 
meat. The men are hunters. Am I being sarcastic?

This unable- or unwanting-to-read-a-document-syndrome (UTRADS) really hasn't as 
much impact as this document might imply. But it can be very (VERY) frustrating 
for die-hard docuwriters to see their work left unread. They go out on the 
streets, kill people, rob liquor stores, and buy Playstations. And don't 
underestimate their destructive power. "My God, I've killed a Jaguar!". Their 
motivation gets lost in a world filled with emptiness.

There is no practical cure for most UTRADS patients. But for some, there is 
hope. They should open their eyes and experience the magic input. "No porn 
tonight, I'm reading text documents". The chronical ill could always try to look 
things up first in the included textfile, instead of boring the writers with 
stupid questions in some IRCnet channel. "Why can't I play with the joystick?" 
-"Because you are a lamer". "A what?" -"A biscuit monster". 

It's a shame to see all those people who never take the time to read any 
documents, as it can be really one fucking hell of a pleasant business. Man, I 
just had to get some strong language in. As for me, I will keep doing the 
documents for the Teenage productions, eventhough only few people might read 
them (and even fewer enjoy them), and I will keep reading the documents that 
come with productions from other crews. And maybe even more important, I will 
keep enjoying it.

с[ Phenomenon of Teenage ]р т10-08-1999рс......................................р