ò...............................................................................ð

{*f1 LIVE FROM PMP {*f0

ò...............................................................................ð

This is extremely lame a machine.

Arnel - Thursday 4.00pm
Ohmygosh it's an ST Book... rare and somewhat strangely
collectable machine. A bit weird to type on, but then
aren't all laptops??? 


Thirsday / 19H00 29/7/1999
Zigo/Exa

This is not the begining of the party yet (it starts tomorow).
We've been there since yesterday, and we
are only about 12. Ppl are cool, and I'm happy to be
there. Atari party are the best, without those nasty
bloody lamers burning CDs all the party long.
Thanks  a lot to FUN for organising this,  and Happy
birsday to Havoc (in fact it was yesterday).


The same day - an hour later
Zerkman / Trisomic Development / X-Men

This party still hasn't really begun, as it actually
begins tomorrow,  but I already don't regret to have
come here !   The orgos are really cool,  the pizzas
are good,  the sun shines and Zigo writes typos,  so
nothing is missing.  By the way,  talking about this
guy,  do you  know that Zigo  is actually working at
Centek, so if you want to beat him you can ;-)  Have
a nice party !


A few seconds later...
Zigo / Exa / X-Men

May I remember you the name of the groupe of Zerkman
or not ?  Do not beat someone that has a broken leg,
he could use it as a powerfull wepon...
One chalenge : are we going to make one beer logo at
this party also ???

Arnel - Thursday 10.15pm
By the end of the party, the ducks here will be twice
as fat as they are currently, and have a vocabulary that
includes "Pizza", "Hawiian" and "no damned anchovies,
do you hear me?"

mOdmate^CPt - 10:45
Utrecht is really worth a visit. That's all I can say after
I visited this town this afternoon.

Baggio/Wildfire - 22:55
Ohhhh, they`re using this qute stbook for the realtime
article, very nice.I`ve been here since monday, and in
some aspects, this country really kicks ass. We had some
very nice weeeeeeeed at Earx`s place this monday, very
nice place btw. It`s thursday evening now and we`re waiting
for the other people to show up, but they should be here sometime
tomorrow. I`ve been looking at some code today, but i didn`t
code anything since i would have had to do some major debugging
first :) Well, back to playing Jaguar games :)

Well well, the usual story: Baggar ideling around.
(I didn`t write that! :))/Baggio

Havoc/FUN - 0:07
The party is well underway by now, although the main part hasn't
officially started yet. About 15 people are here now, atmosphere
is great. Right now, we've only got one problem, and that is one
of the French guys. He's supposed to be driving around Utrecht,
then he called us and me and ST Ghost arranged a place to meet. 
But when we got there, we didn't find anyone! I really hope he will
call again soon... Coz there's no way we can find him without an
address or a streetname... :(((

NUT/FUN - 0:29
For me this is my first party EVER! You Know: like never been 
to any party ;) and the worst thing there is is to be HEAD of
the ORGANISATION while never been to a party... luckily i have
Comp7, Havoc and EarX as my aid's, so i'm happy... well, i have
to go and get Splash from nowhere... he's lost so we are picking
him up... To Be Continued... ;-)

TiNKer/TNH - 0:39

Phenomenon/TNH - 0:54
"Nice bracelet!"
-"Yeah, got it from my girlfriend."
"Your girlfriend?"
-"Ah, fuck it. I'm hallucinating again."

NUT/FUN - 1:46
Well, Splash is happy to be here, we'll see some of his happy
writing soon i gues... he drove arround town for 3(!)hours!
well, he's here now, so we are realy happy atm... ;-) (NO DON'T
BENDOVER!!! baggio is behind u!! ;-P well, as i was telling you
i am fairly new at organising party's in general, and as i have
been an sub-active (having intentions to code, but to lazy to
REALY work hard on my ASM lessons) member of fun i thought it
would prove my intentions to the scene and FUN to try and organise
a party... it's comming together rather nicely up to now, but
i am concerned we will have to 'pick up' loads of ppl tomorrow...
and saturday for the latecommers... we had a little setback
at the internet TT, some how there is a bug in Mintnet 1.04
that prevents us from using my cable connection... while it
worked like a charm with 1.03 on my other TT. well, we'll just
install a debian 2.1 on that TT and pray that that will work.

Splash/her...Splash - 2:15
Na, na, nah NUT, I drove about 4 hours and 30 min around utrecht.
ZZzzzz... and I get up at 6 AM... and... where is my bed ?!
MY BED ! Gimme' my bed ! Gi,me ny ved ... gizzzz mz zz bzzzz
rrrr zzzz.... 

Zerkman - 2:20
I've just reminded that I approximatively slept 5 or 6 hours
within the last 72 hours... So I think I can consider myself as
tired. I hope this night will be better than the two previous
ones, just imagine going to bed with a concrete leg... See you
tomorrow !

Baggio/Wildfire - 2:28
Hmm..been having quite a few beers now, along with Havoc, and
Grolsch sure is a nice beer. I slept for 3 hours earlier today,
so i will probably stay up untill 4-5pm atleast. Sleeping is
for lamers anyway (oppps....i`ve slept alot during this party,
so i guess i am the megalamerhere :))

Splash 3:00
Gmme mo bdrrrzzzzzzzzzz  
rzz.

D-Force / FUN - 03:25
Well i'm feeling a little bit of tired. I've been up since 
yesterday o'clock and have had 5 hours of sleep. 
This party already is great, even when is isn't started yet :)
Been busy with some mod's and i could not complete one !! DAMN ;)
505 has tried to help me, but it was no use. I was lame, 
and according to (s)Tinker ;) , 505 was lamen too.. 
I'm going to sleep, at last !! Bye for now .. 

Baggio / Wildfire / 03:55
Still alive and kicking. Been talking about the history of
Atari an also about different Atari collectors item with
Nut, Havoc and 505 for quite a while now. Dunno if i should
sleep soon, but i probably will.

Zigo / 5:40
This does not look a coding party, everybody is asleep
(exept Comp7, Exil, his girlfriend, Havoc & me)... It's
so dame quiet I can't believe it !

Comp7 / 7:17
I'm now the only one awake (on nightshift). But I have to
correct Zigo here - the party hasn't actually started yet. :-)
Exyl and Manuella have kept me company while I practised my French
on the French dubbed version of Toonstruck. Now I'm on my own
but will prolly soon wake up another orgo to take over from me,
or my whole planning for Friday will be a mess. (The big project:
Connect PMP to the internet over a boosted serial cable 300m over
medows and fields, leading to Nut's bedroom. :-)

Oh, about Toonstruck, yeah it was on a PC (one of the two in this
building) but according to Exyl there's already a team working on
a Falcon version. :) Basically it's just a bit of sprite stuff and
a lot of animations on a CD, should be a piece of cake for the
Falcy. Looking forward to it! :-)

Zerkman - 7:53
After another night of more or less sleeping, I discovered that
there was only ONE guy awake except me (!) : Comp7, which was
waiting for another orgo to wake up, in order him tobe able to
replace him... What a funny situation :-)
Cool, I'll be able to go on coding without being disturbed ...
btw, it would be amusing to play some music through the huge
amplifier which is just aside from me, even Comp7 thinks that it's
a good idea :-) Shall we try ?


Comp7 - 8:19
Yeah.. set a timer at 6:00 :-) Well, I woke up Nut but I think he
went back to sleep again. Anyone got a bucket of icewater for me?
:-)


STGHOST 8:47
Yeah...I've just slept for the 1st time since i am here...I've not
slept during the 1st night...:) But Baggio makes a lot of noise
while sleeping ! ;-)


mOdmate 09:28
Going to Amsterdam now...


Baggio 11:50
Been awake for like 2 hours now, tried todo some music in
protracker, but it failed. I will be doing some chipmusic
soon i think :) Nice to see that other people appreciate my
snooring sounds while i`m asleep :) (I mean, i do represent
sweden on this party, and swedes (esp evil) has a reputation
to be snooring very high during sleep, so i thought i would
try to "emulate" him, obviously, it was a success :))

Spiny 13:15ish
We've just arrived and set up our stuff, only to find that
we have no converters for the plug sockets - doh.
Quite an eventful journey, we left England at 5:30 PM yesterday
and arrived about an hour ago. GND managed to crash the van 
about 1 mile from the party place, so we were delayed while the
recovery services removed us from a large lump of concrete.
other than that we are trying to learn and remember everybodys
names and get some food in.

Baggio - 14:11
Hummm, there qre quite a few people here now, which indeed is
nice. The guy from the UK, Jim, was nice enough to bring me a
couple of beers, Newcastle brown, really good stuff. I`ve always
said that the Uk:ers are a bloody nice people :)

Phenomenon/TNH - 14:40
I like horsebackriding, ballet, flowers, and killing people.



TiNKer/TNH - 14:53
.

Phonyhomonun/Tea'n'AIDS - 14:54
I feel like an illegal exception! BUSERROR.

Zerkman - 16:00
I'm just back from a "weed session" with Zigo and that's fuckin'
great. I can't imagine that only one country in the world accepts
that its people does what it wants... That's great to smoke
outdoors without fearing that some stupid cops arrive and piss
one off...
Holland is great !!!

GND. - 16.08
well we finally got here, after a 19 hour journey - and 1 small
accident. were all a bit knackered and most of our hardware seems
to have died in transit, but we'll try and sort ourselves out for
tomorow.

NUT/FUN - 16:32
Im glad some 8bit ppl have arrived from germany now, they ended up
the closest to the party place, so it was easy to find them :)
Jim is a cool dude, who is actualy older then i expected to be ;-)
The group Torment has arrived early today and they are cool dudes
who brung a pc, and it parrished on the way here... Aaahhhh ;-P
it was a non pc party anyway... Hey! here's Richard Karsmakers,
i'm off to have a little chat... :)

Cronos of ACC (ST NEWS) - 17:04

Haven't writen in one these real-time articles in yonks. Never in
my life touched an ST Book, and I'm doing so now. English chatting
around me, there's ST chip music...the right atmosphere for a
coding party, right?
I feel my blood going all weird and bubbly. But I can't stay long,
I still have to do stuff in town. Shall visit again tomorrow evening
if all goes according to plan. It should be busier then, too.
Well ciao for now.

MC Laser, Mad Butscher and Creature arrived 18:00


Spiny of Torment 18:30

Yup, it's true, the pc i brought with me has 'expired'. it looks
like the boot sector of the main hard drive has popped off 
somewhere as it just refuses to boot, no matter how hard i ask it. 
the problem is that i dont think anyone else has a *cough* win95 
machine here that i can copy fdisk from and fix my pc, oh well, 
i still have an ste and an fm to play with.
back to work ....

NUT/FUN - 18:41
As usual mc, mad and creature arrived and drove aroud like crazy
but made it... This party is getting a bit crowded right now ;-)

19.00 
After 3 1/2 Hours the Classic-Atari-Team ( Mr. Tokai, Claus, Wizard of..
and Mo`ST ) had to go back to germany :((  Have a good time and stay Atari !
The way to the party was a little piece of hell. Nearly 60 degrees
in the car and we were not able to find the way to the the location.
Utrecht has a whole bunch of little streets and some nice old 
people who do not really know where the street is which you are 
looking for but tell you some way there. But after all we liked the
party even so we had such problems to find it.
If you are able to read german Texts, read our Fanzine and feel free
to send us your opinion. (Bastian Moritz*Tuebbingweg 41*45307 Essen)

19:25:
Earx at the keys. Just hiked my falcon and 15" monitor over here
from the trainstation. Phew... Well.. Was here wednesday as well.
Seems there are a lot more here now.
Yesterday I was on #atariscne and spoke with frost. He didn't find
the partyplace and went back to France.. And now he is here again.
Cool anyway..


SPLASH / 19:50
Splash discovered the fabulous world of Atari XL demos and wonder
if he could sleep this night... ASTONISHING ! Even better than
latest C64 demos ! Really a great job: plasmas, z-buffered objects
with gouraud, ... wow.

TiNKer/TNH 20:11

I am thirtsty...

pff.. nice weather, nice party:)

mOdmate
amsterdam was really interesting, big, dirty and all in all not as
nice as the city of Utrecht.

Baggio 21:16
Just finished the linux installation on nut`s tt, some problems
occured, but Zigo helped me out, thanx alot for that :)
Time for some pizza now i think....

D-Force 22:00
Well i almost finished the sid, and i'm filming some people. I think
i need a shower, i'm beginning to smell myself :)
And i'm still sleepy, the Beamer works now and the STfm is also 
putting a image on the screen.
Some great people over here. I just saw a demo on a 800XL and it is
amazing !! Just incredible what there doing with it. 
I can't remeber most of the names over here so many are here already
and there should come even more !!!

505 2:99
The ST-Book crashed and all text since 1:30 are lost now. Guilty
is the Ossi, of course. Let's hope that someone will teach this
stupid red breed how to use a western comuter.

Havoc - 3:24
I am tired. I really am. I don't know why. But that's probably 
because I'm tired. Anyway, my job is finished for today... Now all 
there is left to do is some retouching on my 16color entry, but 
I'll grab a beer first. Although I feel too tired to actually do
that. &-]

TheMatch - 3:55
I'm trying 2 convert samples 4 the PMP env-demo and
still I'm trying 2 begin with this project.. this about discribes
the motivation I have finishing this small demo:)
But no fear!! I'm not doing nothing cause I have been 2 the toilet,
smoke some (or more) sigarets, stalling the beginning of the sample
convertion. About this party... It's very cool cause It's a good atmosphere.
The people that are here realy enjoy being here and having a GOOD
time... that's the only thing that counts, I think.
Besides... how are we supposed to 2 work without any FUN?!
So doing not much at the time is no problem at all.
A complement goes 2 NUT because now I finaly can work on a normal
querty typeboard instead of a france of german one:)

TM/FUN signing off... for now:)


Paranoid - 4:26
Wel, half of my copetition picture is doneand i think it's time
to take a nap. Marcstar is already asleep in the tent and i think
i will join him. Besides MC Laser is getting on everybody's nerves
playing the same pattern of his new SidSound-track over and over
again and it's needless to say that it sucks ... At least this
pattern does.;-)
Hope to finish the picture later today although it doesn't look
like i would have liked it to look but you can't win 'em all,
can you ?
And finally, this ST Book is extremely cool. 

The Paranoid/Paranoia - from the Lunatic Asylum signing off

D-Force - 4:30
I think Paranoid is very right i'm also very tired and want to get
to get te got et gto get to sleeeeeeeeeppp !)

The White Warrior - 3:34 utc
Early in the morning, I am like a zombie. To lower the level (time
has passed) I opened an 8-bit chat-line. The language-level there
was really low, but nice. Sonow it is time to go to bed, becouse
the alcohol begins to work now.
Houdoe and grtx, Sparks

AW.. Earx at the keys.. Tired like hell I tell ya.. my mind is
fading. Trying to finish the mod compil, but it is sucky.. Must
say the atmosphere is very cool. 100% atari dudes! YEAH! =)

DEAM 7:15
Hmmmm, where is everybody? Well, never mind.
Frost is sleeping at his falcon 8-)

DEAM 9:05 
Well, its getting fucky over here there are only 6 people in the
party room while there are about 20 at this party:(

MC Laser is awake again ooooh I look horrible :-)

Mumpf/Vollcool 9:10
While MC "third place" Laser wrote his well known good morning 
rubish I have to told him the difference beetwen a STBook and a
STacy because he thoght that the writes on an STacy. Under which
socks did he sleept?

TiNKer/TNH - 09:33

The showers do work....
And so do my socks by the way ..  :)))

Zerkman - 10:11
It's already Saturday today... Only 2 days left, argh ! Good
things always happen too fast. I'm just back from the bedroom, and
I feel much better than in the others days, so this day should be
a very good day to me, and it's great, cause I need concentrating
for the Philips stuff I am coding in CDLab... Now the recorder
records, but it records bullshit :-/ ButI think this will fixed
soon.

Paranoid - 10:22
It's hard to believe, but we really survived the night. The place
is totally empty, the frenchiesare watching weird movies, Tinker
is doing weird music and we're off to pick up some weird breakfast.
We all feel weird too and i have to finish my picture as well -
which is going to be weird as well ... But hey, we're Paranoia,
aren't we supposed to be weird ?
And just by the way, MC Laser is typing weird news for UCM that
have no connection to reality as well ... ;-)

The Paranoid - very hungry - is signing off.


Splash / 10:45
Third day in this land with a wonderful sun... sure it is
mine from south France I brought with me :)  Unfortunately
I also bring strange DSP bugs mith me... I wonder if my Falcon
did not smoke Canabis in my back... :/
Let's drink a big tea, probably the best debugger on the earth !

mOdmate - 12:21
After sleeping 11 (!) hours, having a shower and shave, I really
feel reborn... Btw, this ST BOOK is a cool thing.

Baggio - 12:32
Woaaa, i`m alive again. Managed to get 7 hours of sleep tnight,
which isn`t that bad. I think i will go finish my breakfast now.

the match - 13:10

Good morning vietnam!!
Yes I've slept 4 about 7 hours now witch is strange because
I didn't expect 2 sleep that long on a concreet floor:)
But never the less it's better than no sleep at all...
done that, been there, did that shit, liked it and couldn't do
it again this time.... 2 f*cking sleepeeee!:)
Once again the weather iz great and most of the other people are
up allready exept for Mad Butcher... he realy coded the hole night
none stop!! Now he told me that he slept allready... FOR 2 MINUTES!:)
TM signing off again, Cu

Arnel - Saturday 1.55pm
Hmmm... Shower, coffee, I feel human again. Sleeping in a tent with
no mattress - you soon find out where all the knobbly bits on the
ground beneath you are, and adopt a kind of zigzag shape to avoid
them as you sleep. The party is great, loads of cool peeps I haven't
met before so that's good. The location is tops, weather great, what
more could we ask for?
P.S. This ST Book is cool. I want one.

Tron II finely finished now... Paranoid will spread it I think:)


14:56
mOdmate starting to read the whole realtime-article now...

14:57 
nOdmate finished reading the realtime-article but didn't understand
all of it ... he he he ... :-)))

The Paranoid - 16:36
Hrglmpf ... The deadline is only 1 and a half hour away and
some parts of my picture still are only in Spektum-format - 
contours but no colours.
Perhaps i should continue drawing instead of typing ...

The Paranoid - 16:38

Why the heck am i still typing ...

Baggio -16:40
I`ve been working on a song for the chipcompo for the last
2 hours. So far i`ve started to work on 4 different songs,
but right now i`ve decided which one i will try to finish.
Hmm, crap, deadline is only 1h 20min away, better continue
the composing.....


mOdduddel lamerpainter at 17:40
Pizza is ordered, Red Bull doesn't work.

The Paranoid - 18:11
Pizza arrived and tastes good, the "preview" of my picture has been
given to NUT about 15 minutes ago. I hope i can finish it when
Havoc arrives because now, there is no way back and i just don't
like presenting previews on parties.
Things are a little cooled down now with some Pizza inside and
Degas Elite outside.
See you around.

Baggio - 18:15
The chipsong (it sux!) is sort of finished now, don`t think i
will bother working on it more today i think....

Arnel - Saturday 6.20pm
Crikey it's hot here... can't think straight... feel sleepy
(no change there then)... but people are working regardless
and there looks like a few good things being done.
P.S. I really, really want an ST Book! NUT says that 7,000 were
     made, but only 4,000 sold. So where are the other 3,000?
     Lying in a desert next to the ET carts?
     
Pizza Hut 18:33
Creature XL hat seine ganze Pizza aufeinmal aufgegessen!! 
Applause Applause

Spiny 18:50
Have just realised it's been an hour since i entered my pic for 
the 16 colour compo. I also managed to persuade Rhino to enter
a chip tune, even though he did'nt like it - is this a musician
thing?
and yes, it's *really* hot here, GND's st and hard drive were
close to glowing before he turned them off for a cool down.
pass the ice cubes ....

Cronos - 21:07

Busier. Hotter. Back again for a bit. Nothing much to say. Going
to have a chat with some people, preferably the ones that are
outside. I am sure glad the STNICCC 2000 (http://stniccc.atari.org)
is going to be in winter :-)

mOdmate 22:20
All those people doing some msx and gfx... 

a) really make me feel sick because I haven't done anything since
   months

and   
   
b) kinda motivate me to paint at least one of the ideas which 
   are in my mind.
   
Finally, a) and b) together remind me of my lack of time I have
because of my studies and of my lack of motivation I have because
of that whole scene-thing in general.

22:30
Earx  at the keys once again. Seems like already a few ppl are
leaving. Atmosphere is great. Too bad about the Sentry guys we were
expecting. A big plus is the arrival of Bonus today. He even coded
on men at war again. Very nice stuff, which we all hope will
someday be released.

Hhhmm. Just had the weirdest dinner. A mix of weed-tea and sake.
(shaken, not stirred). And a tuna-olive pizza. Very weird and quite
tastsy.

NUT/FUN - 22:54
AAAAAAARGH! i've been watching demo's with Cronos and MC Lazer
and the last one was that spiral thing... i've seen my hand
MORPH! YIKES! ;) it was cool stuff... ;-) Mc'S monitor is giving
up so i'll try and fix it tonight :)

Cronos - 23:29

There's been some astounding stuff being done on the Falcon
and ST for the past few years that I've been out of touch with
'the scene'. It's amazing. I heard some techniques explained,
but even their names sound exotic and difficult to me :-)
Anyway, of back home again. The action here won't die until,
well, somewhere VERY late I guess. Or should I call that
'early'? I'll try to be back later, tomorrow evening. Some of
the people here are really cool, there's a French bloke from
Sector One, MC Laser is cool, and of course the FUN guys. They
are running around looking for a sheet. I don't want to know what
for.
I surely already learned a lot for next year's STNICCC 2000.
Organising one of these events is not easy...I'd almost
forgotten that.
Ta for now.

TiNKer/TNH- 02:44

welteruften, I am going to sleep.

Baggio - 02:47

Well, the compos is over now. The quality of the music entries was
very good i think, even better than at EIL. Been drinking
some beer along with Havoc for a while now, dunno if i`ll sleep
soon, probably not, as i am not really tired yet. And i have
to leave at 6pm today (sunday), really sux, but i gotta work
tomorrow morning.

mOdmate. I disagree to Baggio's opinion about the entries' quality,
but surely nobody is interested in knowing that.


spiny - 03:25

hmm, another beer or go to bed, tricky. the rest of torment 
(the two Daves) have crashed out, leaving me messing around in
neochrome with nothng worthwhile forthcoming, well, maybe i could
have  beer *in bed* 
what a concept!

NUT - 04:55
At this time all of the germans excluding 505 have passed out,
with or without the help of beer or liqor... i don't know,
there has been a nice campfire outside and there the last 
remaining germans where talking with me and some dutch 8bit
dude... i already forgot his name AGAIN! had a nice chat tho...
as you can see it's early in the morning already, and because
the party is taking a lot of time, the internet is STILL not
setup... oh well... we're comming allong just fine...

I liked the compo of tonight, as it was my first, i must say
i think i realy liked everything i heard and saw. A special note
goes to the picture from edo, even though it's not a 16color
picture, it entered the competition anyway... and i have to
say it looked quite nice indeed... but what pictures from edo
DON'T? ;-) the tune of baggio was quite nice too, and enjoy'ed
the ones from 505 and D-Force. multi channel entry's where
REALY nice... 

All in all i think this party is comming allong just fine :)))

atm i'm going to leave some fun members by themselves, together
with the dutch 8bit crew ppl, and the ppl from sector1 and
Zerkman (who got my philips drive running! - allthough it just
writes junk...) and crashland in my bed... it has cooled down
REAL god now, so it's time to sleep... :))

well, as i said earlyer: Will be continued... :)))

The White Warrior - 3:15 utc
The campfire is on stand-by mode (I hope :-))
The last day I was like a zombie. Totally knock out in my tent.
At this time of the day I am going to be awake, but with the use
of some alcohol I am still in sleeping mode. :-)
The demoshow last day was pretty cool.
Nothing more to say.?
grtx, Sparks.

earx - 05:30..

Goto sleep now. Wanna fall into a coma right now!

stghost 5:42

well, it's just another short night for me...I really need to
sleep ! Only Comp7, Zerkman ad me seem alive at this hour ;-)
But I very tired this time and my Falcon needs to cool a bit
as it has been turned on for 4 days now...

TiNKer/TNH - 09:41

Today is a good day: I turn on pheno's harddrive and it actually
works. Joy. Maybe violence does work after al... :)

Zerk-YMCA-man - 9:15

I've just spent a very cool night, first discussing with a Dutch
guy who's a great 8-bit addict, who's maintaining a 8-bit Atari
BBS, and who teached me a lot of things, like that a TCP/IP
adapter is being developed for these machines, so it should be
possible to connect to the Internet with a 800 XL ! How impressive
!!!
I spent the rest of the night chatting with Havoc, Arnel and 505,
who really are great dudes...
And you know what ? I'm going to do like the other lamers in this
party, I mean sleeping ! Cu.

09:45 MC LASER awake again! I feel like shit anyway :-)

10:10
mOdmate awake again as well due to Baggio's loud (!) snorring in
the sleeping room.

10:15am
mOd is right! (EdO is typing and he feels tired).Cool party, 
cool guyz it is FUN ;)

10:23 - The Paranoid
Of course mOdis right. I had the honour to listen to baggio's
overtures in snore-minor at EIL'99 alreadz. When will you people
learn that sleeping rooms are always crowded by people that snore ?
I have learned to avoid sleeping rooms at all costs.
After a nice 6 hours sleep in Marcstar's tent i feel relaxed
enough to slowly pack our things and leave.
We're not going to stay all day because we all have to work
tomorrow, but i'm quite sure, the organizers can do the next stage
of competitions without us. ;-)
And just btw, except for the difficulty of getting here, it's
really a nice party.

12:15 MC Laser on the keys... we`re soon going to leave...
damn that the compos are this evening.... we`ll surely gonna
miss it... well this was a really cool event... It felt like 
home.

NUT - 12:25
... (just got up)

Baggio - 12:33
It really seems that my snooring has been a great sucess, i`ve
actually managed to wake a few guys up with it. Some people are
leaving now, which is a damn shame. I will be leaving at 6pm
today, which means i will miss the rest of the compos. Damn
crappy that i have to work tomorrow..:( I hope some FUN member
will put the contributions online asap.

12:36
Creature on da keyz - for the first and last time. We R waiting
for coffee. After a huge cup of it we will leave.
After all, a it was a cool Party.
bye folks


(Sysop)*TXG - 12:45

I wake up ater a great day of hearing some good 4 channel
 & multichannel musix. The wodka has done it's job I feel 100%
after waking up after my deep... deep... sleep. I will hope
that next year there will be more 8-bit visitors so they can
compete also with demo's.....
C-ya, I gonna take some bacardi cola and party on!!

Splash - 12:50
It is realy surprising how this land can affect your mind...
Last night, with Exyl/Sector1 and FroST/Loud! we did the
mixing of c64 waveform generation and fire effect... we also
apply c64 tricks to the Atari ST... and all this WITHOUT
any herbal tea or cigarettes ! (well, in fact maybe a tiny
tea...). So, I HAVE THE CLUE: in this land, they legalize
majijuana because they did not need it ! You are always
under its control ! :)

Baggio - 15:06
Leaving in less than 3 hours...boooh. Hope i can order a
pizza before i leave though, gotta keep my stomach in a good
shape :)

NUT - 15:15
Well, it's a shame some ppl had to leave today, because they have
to work tomorrow, baggio is going to leave soon, and i think it's
a damn shame... :( torment have said they will release a demo
at pmp, and so does teenage, tinker made the very relaxing mod
which is played in the pmp-wannabe-intro which is going to be
released as a real article reader now, because it's no use
releasing an intro/invitro at the end of a party... ;-) 
it's going to be quite nice, which you might have noticed when
your reading this in our REAL-demo (new type of demo perhaps? ;-)
well, going to listen to the revision tinker just made...
to be continued ;-D


D-Force - 16:30
I found out a new effect on the beamer !! It's cool ..  ..
Might get it on the Falcon ?? Or for the Wild Compo ??
Whaaaa i didn't have more than 6 hours in 3 days, so i'm getting
a bit weird/strange now !!!(i might be born with it ?)
Too bad that some people are already leaving :( But anyway it 
still is a great party. !!! The Stinker is always playing those
STUPID GABBER/HARDCORE mod's ;) And i think the crew (when your 
standing and look to the left) is taking over the place, there 
expanding enormous. I think that are conding like crazy fools to
win the contest!! To repay the damage to their bus ;)

Rhino/Torment - 17:40
Yes, we're expanding. Tomorrow - Amsterdam, Tuesday - The World!
Bwahahahahaaa....(evil laugher tails off).

Baggio - 17:44
Wooaa...have packed all my stuff now, gonna leave from here in
15 minutes or so. I hope the rest of the party will run smoothly
and that the compos will be filled with cool stuff. Hope to see
the lot of you on the next party. Baggio signing off...Cheers!
(Baggio@canit.se)


mOdmate some minutes before 6 pm
Now we (505. Arnel and me) going to the Chinese food restaurant.
Let's hope it isn't as expensive as all the other stuff here in 
the Netherlads.

NUT - 18:35
Compo entries for the wild compo are dropping in like fly's now,
the demo compo won't be that full, but we have a certain number
of entry's right now that realy is cool... (and i mean the number
of entry's ;-) We'll i'm still trying to get that color shifting
thing to work in my test program i'm writing in asm, i think i
am getting the hang of it, but i'm still far away from releasing
first demo, i think i'll enter it as a wild compo filler :-D

spiny - 19:10

a mad rush to complete our st demo entry, still a few cosmetic
bugs to iron out, but we hope that it will qualify for the competition..


Goof - 19:25
Yep I'm realy in here. Just to let you all know I'm like cinderella in 
an eternal waitstate 8-)

Phenomenon / TNH - 19:37
Our "demo"  is finished now. We just tested it with the beamer,
and it really "rocks"! I wonder why you left so early, Baggio! Afraid
they finally uncover the real YOU? :) Just kidding. 
Oh yeah, one final thing: Lekker neuken.

spiny - 20:10
argg! problems with the module :(      ARSE!

Rhino - 20:11
My module! Arse!
Once again we've managed to steer well clear of any official deadline
but apparently everyone else is pretty much behind schedule.
So that makes it alright in my book!
Time to test it again.....

GND. - 20:43
actually got it finished, the first demo weve managed to get
out in about 8 years. lets see what happens in the compo....

Cronos - 21:34

Back, just in time for the competitions, the most important thing.
Barely made it.

Arnel - Sunday 10.50pm
First batch of demos done - the wild demos. Pie Bill Gates was a
definate winner! (just a shame you couldn't upgrade your weapon
from the standard custard pie - a semi-automatic multi-pie launcher
would suit me fine!) 
P.S. Tinker says he hates Y.M.C.A. Probably something to do with
the leather.

NUT - 22:55
I'm glad the reaction to 'My First Demo' was laughter :)))

mOdmate/CPt - 23:31
The H DEMO IV showed what I knew since last year's Quast Party in
Poland, when I was alone in the restrooms and that huge Baggar-dude
came in. (...)

Rhino - 00:46 Monday morning
Yay!! We came second in the ST demo compo! (out of two, but who's
counting?!). Also came third in the chip music compo for the
prize of a fine PMP Atari t-shirt. I shall wear it with pride!

The Match - 1:00

It's dark outside... and so is the beamer at the moment.
No problem tho... it's rented hehe
All the price's are out now and the big party is coming 2
an end saddly.. but hey... this is not the last one.... I hope:)

The White Warrior - 11:03 utc
I have packed my stuff and I am ready to leave.
The Party was really great!!!!!!!!!I hope I will see everybody next
year. And remember, ony ATARI 8-BIT is real :-)
Thake some beer and Houdoe!
C U NXT LIFE
grtx Sparks

w8er - 01.45 Monday
This was my first party so I have nothing to compare it to but have
really had a great time.
Even though I was the oldest (lamest ?) visitor, I was made welcome
on arrival and throughout the party was always made to feel part of
what was going on.
My Thanx to FUN for inviting me and, although there were a couple
of minor problems, I think they did a good job of work !!
Congratulations on a fab few days with some really nice guys !
Hope I can make the next one......
Jim


mOdmate - 01:48
I also like to congratulate FUN for organizing this great party and
I'd like to thank the people involved which made it as it was! 
And: a warm "Welcome back!" to the guys from TORMENT. Their comeback
is a big motivation for all people left in the ST scene and should 
be some bright example for Atari ST-demolove. I am really looking
forward to your next production! And so everybody is doing!

D-Force  -  02:25
Tomorrow i'm going to take jim and 505 & mOdmate to the CS Utrecht
so they don't have to walk, and don't get lost !! ;) I'd like to
thank everybody for your vote to me, and it was/is a great party.
Next time Thinker and Phenomenon are the guys who will be fooled 
around with( Har Har Har ). I've got some nice pictures already!!

NUT - 02:35
We're having a lot of fun watching older demo's and enjoy'ed WHIP!
(especialy the boy's from Torment) we're having a lot of fun
at just beeing together, the TXG (8bit) boy's left, and that means
2 soul's less, but still the atmosphere is GREAT! :) i know i'll
do a good word for a next party amongst the FUN members, it's
going to be named TMP = THE Millenium Party - IF it will happen
it'll be somehere at the same time :-) it's great weather and
a REAL good location: ppl from town aren't bothered by us at ALL :)

earx : 4:00
Man! They're really doing it. Playing Whip-pong by screaming in the
mic. Hehe.. crazy! :))

spiny  - 04:20
it's true, whip pong rules ... 
now all i need is a falcon ...

TiNker/TNH - 04:31
Damn, my throat is sore now.... 

earxzz - 5:30:
Last ones left...
Boy.. I bumped into a table and then Exyl's 520 fell off. Complete
casing fucked up and diskdrive screwed. I feel like an utter utter
uttter arse. I just hope I can make it up to him....

BTW: Party was fucking great.

Zerkman - 5:38
This party reaches its end, and I'm very disappointed not to have
been able to make NUT's CD burner work with CDLab. I can actually
write, but that's only rubbish, the TOC is not well detected, and
no drive can read what is written... The technical documentation
of this drive only says "The TOC shall be transferred from the
initiator", but doesn' specify anything about the way to encode
it !!! Big thanx to those stupid technicians...
Anyway, this party is neat, the compos were nice and I really
enjoyed chatting with all those people ... I hope that THE
Millenium Party will actually happen, in order to see everybody
again ! Thanks to NUT, Comp7, Havoc, EarX, D-Force and the eventual
other organizers I forgot for having made this possible. Thanks
also to everybody I met and discussed with, and allowed me to
have a really good time here.

7:00 - the match

It's light now... the beamer is oke (ofcourse:)
With some help of Earx I've made a oscilator on GFA!
Finely it works perfectly:)
Now I can have sweet dreams about line jumping and bouncing hehe

NUT - 07:05
Going to kick comp7 out of his bed right now, and then dive into
my bed at last... the strange thing is, there is a small voice in
my head saying 'go to bed... you need it!' but realy, i'm not 
feeling tired... i might try sleeping on my falcon one day just
to experience what FRoST is experiencing... ;-) he slept on his
for about 2 nights ;-D Well, Comp7 is awake now... so i'll be
taking a dive into my sleeping bag... 8-D

earx 7:10
We're aiming for 1000 lines here... Yes we are!! =)
Trying to drink as much cheap wine to gather enough strength to go
to sleep. Bahh.. >>>ZOMBIFIED<<<

Comp7 darn where's me watch.. 7:15 (looking at the giant clock over
my head and saying "d'oh!" :-)
Hmm I think I accidentally had some real sleep tonight.. the other
nights I had no trouble waking up after 2-4 hours of sleep, but now
I'm the real zombie here. :-) Yesterday morning I woke up looking
at Edith's friendly face who came to have a look what I was up to
here) (nice way to wake up) :-), now I was woken up by an orgo and
I didn't even remember who it was until I read here it was Nut, and
then, barely awake, had to listen to Nut tell in great detail about
how his nuts were itching. :-)

Well, now I'm waiting for the shower to become free and since we
seem to be aiming at a 1000 lines, I better go on a bit more. :)
I really enjoyed this party. Looking at the number of people and
athmosphere during the whole weekend, I think it was a success. I
also enjoyed having yet more first-RL-meets with IRC friends, and
also having met a lot of people I didn't know at all before. The
fact that this party attracted a lot of people you don't (often?)
see on the Atari IRC channels gives me a good feeling about the
state of the Atari scene.

Ok, line 996.. I'll leave the remaining few to the magic 1000 to
someone else.. :-)

mOdmate - 07:36
LINE 1000
Too good Tinker's snorring isn't like his music...

Comp7 - 08:12
Even better that Pheno's sleeping isn't like his demos.. but
maybe his dreams are...;-)

mOdmate - leaving in some minutes. Bye from me and: 
Don't prostitute yourself! Don't do it for the money and the chicks.



w8er - 09.30
Bye Utrecht. It was FUN !!!!!!!


spiny - 10:10

i am finally up and awake, and have finished packing up my stuff, 
is'nt it odd the way it never seems to go back into the same 
amount of boxes thatit came in, i have a couple of diskboxes left
that wont't fit anyhere ...
hopefully we're not too tired to drive home and also we hope that
our van won't fall to bits on the motorway ....
thanks to everyone here for a great party and hope to see all of
you again at the next one.
look out for our final version of the st demo, available soon from
dhs or pmp........

gnd. 10:40
bye bye

Rhino - 10:41
yup, see you later. Cheers.

Phenomenon / TNH - 10:50
Well, it was a damn good porn.. ehm.. party. Got to take me some
shower now. Oh yeah.

Splash - 13:00
Nice party. Nice people. Nice weather. Bad mood: it's the end :(
clr.w -(sp)
trap #1

stghost - 13:39
Shit ! It's time to leave :-( I've really enjoyed this party,
it was in a cool place with cool people...a real Atari party !
I just hope that I've slept enough to drive home...Anyway, I've
no choice, but it's not the first time ;^)
MFREE(pmp%)
~GEMDOS(0)

NUT - 15:05
Well, it's time for the final words from me... so i'll just say:
It was GREAT fun organising a party and having ppl from all around
europe here, as i told you b4 i have never been to any party yet,
so this was my first time... and i loved it... I'm sorry it 
ended... :(
Pterm()

EOF