
{*f1 TOXIC MAG 17 {*f0


    You  will  surely  feel cheated  as I - ST survivor - review  my  own former 
magazine. I can understand that  but since there  was  no  volunteer to review a 
100% French diskmag I thought of no better solutions...

    As usual, òalasð, this issue  came without  an intro... Also as  usual the mid 
resolution menu welcomes you right after the clicked the .prg (note that the mag 
runs from harddrive too, waouh :). For years the ToXic interface has been set to 
mid resolution surely a finer one to display texts but  then the pictures cannot 
exceed 4 colours, in any  ways a drastic  choice. For those who have  never seen 
what a typical óToXic Magð menu box looks like here come an example :

{*i toxic17.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

    The magazine is traditionally òAtarið oriented and  features the "latest" news 
(depending on  how late we were 8-(, reviews  of ST and  Falcon demos, games and 
other productions. This  issue  also contains  interviews  of the óCREAMð guys and 
they are in English (maybe the only interesting stuff for non French readers). I 
forgot to say that the mag has a nice chip though it cannot be compared with the 
original compositions to be found in UCM.

    What's  more ? Well we also  liked to leave  room for delirium  or pieces of 
crap talking so you'll find loads of nut stories  most of you  don't give a shit 
about (and so do I sometimes :-) The main  thing about  this issue is mostly its 
ólack of articlesð only 50 while the average issue featured more than 70 items !

    Last  but not least you  must  know that I left the head  of the  ToXic Team 
after the release of  that issue because I  felt ópissed offð with lamers who keep 
criticizing us but don't move  their fuckin' ass ! France has  become a big mess 
with the closing down of ST Mag and then Stratos ó(they killed each other !!!)ð. I 
stupidly hoped for change of mind in the Atarian world, an ultimate will to save 
the last ST diskmag but nothing came out of this shit...

    Now òThe Beastð is back in business after almost a year of brainwashing in the 
glorious French army (fuck'em !) but I cannot  swear ToXic Mag  will actually be 
reborn as it's been several weeks  since  he last told  me that and so far there 
hasn't been  anything  done. I  sincerely  hope he  can  find the motivation and 
needed people to complete next issue otherwise you've been watching the death of 
another Atarian member.

    ñBottom Line :ð though slimer than the previous issues ToXic Mag 17 is still a 
compulsary link for the French ST users especially if  they cannot reach the DHS 
homepage or are  just  bad at  English (what most  Frenchies  are 8-((. The only 
question raised here remains : is it the last  issue or not ??? Now if  you feel 
interested in the  revival of this  magazine you can write  to The Beast. You'll 
find his email in the Emailist enclosed in every UCM issue

 ñ----------------- -- --------- -------      ---------------------------------->ð
 ònever look back....ð                                          óSTsurvivorð
ñ <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<---------------------------------------------------- ------ ð
   