EDITORIAL STUFF


                         EDITORIAL STUFF,

Hello and welcome to the leading disc magazine for the Atari ST/STE/TT.
You thought number 5 was good, well do we got something for you !!
The D.B.A. has ( almost ) reaced the limits of disc-magazine coding with
this new super issue which contains the ultimate features.
We have pictures in the textdisplayer, a magazine information displayer, a
scrolltext in the levelpeak displayer and even more articles and pictures !
You get to know everything about the Falcon what the others magazine's didn't
tell you and more.......

DON'T ACCEPT IMITATION ( ALTHOUGH SOME OF YOU ALREADY DO THIS ).

Okay enough of that ( others are bragging so this time it was our turn ) !

We are back with 2 disc's filled with articles, pictures and lots of useful
utility's for your pleasure.
Instead of getting weaker and weaker ( like some other mags ) we get stronger
and stronger with every issue we release.
We try to give you the best quality magazine's we can produce and don't you
forget it !

O yeah, there is something else, we get a little sick from certain groups
and people who go and write only one article for every disc-magazine.
These groups want to be popular or something and they only are after our
intro's to place on their compil disks, so it seems !
Well from now on certain crews who do something useful for our magazine will
also have the privilege to use our intro's on their compil disks.
Do not think that we want to force these people to write for us, we just
don't like this sliming with every new diskmag( that is written by some
new group that is looking for fame ) just to be popular.
There are even groups who are planning to a diskmagazine with our regular
article writers ( I must say that i'm not amused by this ).
You know who you are, don't think that you are going to get away with it !

Okay, we keep an eye on the P.o. Box and we hope to see your stuff soon.
Have fun with this new issue and remember it's all up to you !

                       The D.B.A. Magazine Team

