--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     All Alone
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                     

That particular  night I planned to  just sit back and relax. I had a  bottle of
wine and it was warm enough I could have left all my clothes off if I wished.
I ended  up in an old t-shirt. I might as well  have been naked  though, because
when I sat down  in my easy chair and lay one leg over the arm, my shirt  pulled
up almost to my waist, exposing everything  it should have covered. Little did I
expect that by the end of the night the shirt would not be all I would take off.

My older brother  Luke has always been close to me and we share  with each other
those things of our  own we think the other needs or would enjoy. Sometimes it's
eerie  the way  we know what is on  the other's  mind. He must  have known I was
going to be  alone that night because he had dropped off  a VHS tape with a note
to call him in the morning to let him know my reaction.

I had enjoyed  x-rated movies  before, some with Luke. The first time he brought
one over, I couldn't believe my eyes. By the time we finished watching the movie
my mouth was so dry I could hardly swallow, but my pussy was so wet  I'm sure my
dress was damp where it had fallen between my legs. I'm also sure Luke knew what
I had on  my mind. He brought  over others for me after that and I always looked
forward to  each new movie. I loved to watch  the guys  fucking and  licking the
girls in the  films and I especially liked to pretend it was on my stomach or on
my tits their semen spilled.
I dreamed  of rubbing it  into my skin, my  pubic hair, my pussy  lips and  then
sucking my fingers until their wetness was licked away. But I hadn't watched one
in months. So  I especially looked  forward to  an evening of f antasy as I took
Luke's movie out of it's container and slipped it into the recorder.  

The film I put in the player that night, however, was not what I anticipated.
This one did not have guys. It was only about girls.

It might have  been the wine. It might have been the dim light. Or it might have
just been  my mood. In any case, as I watched the movie, I gradually realized my
breathing had  become shallow and  I could almost feel my heart beat  beneath my
breast. As  the women touched each other and kissed each other and  rubbed their
breasts against  each other, I became aware of a part  of myself only  hinted at
before. I  found myself  wishing I  was  with  them. That it  was my  skin being
stroked; my lips  being kissed. My face became hot and flushed. I looked over my
shoulder as though to see if anyone was there, watching, reading my thoughts.
My shirt became moist with perspiration and as its cloth touched my nipples they
became so  sensitive I found  my hand moving beneath the cloth, cupping the soft
underside of  my breast, my  fingers gently  squeezing  each  to make  sure  the
feeling I was experiencing was really coming from me.

Then two of the girls in the movie moved to the shower, began bathing each other
and as they rubbed the soap on the others bodies I became aware of my other hand
slipping  between my own legs, pressing  hard against myself, trying to  hold in
the response that was beginning to rise within my body.
After soaping  thoroughly they  began to shave each others pubic hair. When they
finished, they  moved to the  bedroom to  continue their embraces. As  I watched
their  lovemaking and gazed upon their newly shaved pink  pussies, I experienced
my first orgasm. I found my  hand drenched with my own wetness. My breasts ached
as I pressed  harder against them  with my hand  and arm. And when I  finished I
knew  what  I wanted, at that  moment, more than  anything else; and  I knew the
evening would not be completed until I had been satisfied.

I rewound  the tape  to the  beginning of  the shower  scene, turned the  TV and
recorder  off and moved  to my own  bathroom. I lit some  candles, saved  in the
bathroom for  special nights, turned off all the other lights and filled the tub
with water, scenting it with a soothing bath oil Luke had given me. 
The  t-shirt  came off  as I slipped  into the  warm water  and  felt its gentle
caress. As I lay in the water remembering the scenes of the shower and recalling
the vision of the newly bared mons and lips, my body took on a new sensitivity.
Each nerve  seemed more alive  than ever. The soap became a lover as it  used my
own hand to stroke my body. Soon my attention was turned to my own pubic hair. I
have never  had very much  and what is there is sparse and soft. Because  of the
blond  color, it seems  almost invisible. But  that would not be  enough. I knew
every hair must be removed.
The soap  was applied and  as the  razor glided across  my skin, the  threatened
sharpness  brought a new  awareness within  the delicate tissue. Sensuality  was
joined by a  veiled perception of fear. Starting at the top and then moving down
and back, I paid  special attention  to the small fine hairs around my  clitoris
and between  the lips. The  area below  the vagina  and around my  ass was  also
shaved. When  finished, I lay  back  in the  water, my  eyes closed, and  ran my
fingers  across the  now smoothed  pussy confirming that indeed all its hair was
gone.  

I'm not sure  how long I remained  there, but finally I moved to the bedroom and
toweled myself dry. A softly perfumed lotion was obtained from the dresser and I
returned to the TV room, this time without the t-shirt. A record of gentle music
was selected and placed on the player. The TV and video were started but without
sound as I realized the only words I wanted to hear would be my own thoughts. As
the  scenes  repeated, I applied  the lotion. First  across  my chest  and  then
cupping  each breast with one hand, I began to  stroke the upper  sensitive skin
with the other, moving closer with each caress to the areola and nipple.
As my finger applied just a drop of the lotion to the surrounding pink areas, my
nipples  and the small papilla around them began to  project out. But  they were
not  hard. Instead  they had  taken  on a  softness  and sensitivity I  had  not
experienced before. I had to stop.
As the  women on the  screen made love to each other  I realized the  only way I
could join  them would be within my mind and the TV images had  become a barrier
instead of a door to fulfilling my fantasy.  

I turned  everything off and  returned to the bedroom. Laying on the bed, in the
darkness, I became  aware of my  body in a new way; almost  as though it  had an
existence of  its own. My hand returned to my breasts and I found them even more
sensitive  than before. I grasped the nipples between my fingers, gently pulling
and twisting. A breath of warm air blew across my naked body.
A soft ache  entered my pelvis. My hand move down my abdomen. Slowly the tips of
my fingers began to brush across the newly shaved mons. A moan escaped from me.
It  was  like  a voice  from another  area of  my  mind, an  echo  from  another
existence. I continued down  to my labia, along the sides  and then between. But
now I  didn't need  a lotion. The  juice from  my pussy was  flooding  and  as I
caressed my newly smoothed softness I found there was nothing to compare with my
own silky cream.
My fingers found their way to my mouth allowing my tongue to taste  and lick the
passion  from their  tips. As  they returned  to my  pussy, I felt a strange and
freighting  feeling begin  to rise within my body. The palm  of my hand  pressed
against my clitoris as my fingers slipped between my lips and into the depths of
my  vagina. I began to massage the soft ridges within  me. My legs  came back as
the other hand sought my now swollen lips and clitoris.  

My strokes  began slowly, but  soon the  difference between slow and fast became
meaningless as  I began to  lose control. The feeling within my pelvis had taken
over. My  heart ached  from its  pounding and  I had to  gasp for air  because I
forgot  to breathe. Two, three, then four of my fingers found their  way into my
pussy as it pleaded for more.
Perspiration covered me. A musky odor mixed with the smell of perfume and my own
body became a  stimulant to my senses as my mind exploded with sensations. Then,
within me, I felt the inner ridges of my vagina smoothed  out and open as though
expecting  a gift. At the same time, the outer area tightened and began to spasm
with  urgency and  ecstasy, trying to prevent  any escape. I heard  a scream and
realized  it was my own. Juices poured from me as I began to rub and spread them
over my  body, my breasts, my arms, my face. I put some on my nipples, pushed my
breast  towards my mouth and used my tongue  to lick it  off. My hands  caressed
every part of my body.
I was insane  with a rapture of sexuality. My orgasm had taken  complete control
of my  mind and body. I was its prisoner, it was my lover and I responded in any
way it demanded.  

I can't  tell you how  long this  went on but slowly  the fog of  sensuality was
replaced with  an overwhelming  need for sleep. As I fell  into a deep  sleep, I
thought of  Luke and how I was going to explain my response to his movie. I also
wondered if there was anyone else I could share it with.

Good night and sleep tight.  

Lena  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------