--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Blacks of Night
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------                              
 
Fourth Street was nearly deserted this late at night. I walked quickly, my hands
in my pockets. I was alert;  I had heard tales of robberies in this area late at
night.
Not that I  was carrying much money -- it was just before payday, and I was down
to my last two bucks, which is why I was walking to the bus stop.

Ahead of me, I  heard a scrape, a  whisper, then silence.  I tensed up, ready to
run.
A shadow moved. I gripped my keys in my pocket, thinking to use them as a weapon
if needed.
The  black woman  stepped out  directly in  front of me. She was tall  and thin,
long-legged. I stopped suddenly before I bumped into her.

"Hi, honey," she grinned. "Want a date?"
I shook my head, and started to walk around her.
She grabbed my arm. "Hey, wait a minute," she whispered, harshly.
I glanced down. Her other hand held a shiny knife.
"What do you want?" I shouted.
"Quiet," she  said. "Not that anyone  could hear  you anyway. Just  give me your
money." She gestured with the knife. "Now."
I reached into my pocket, and pulled out my wallet. She grabbed it from my hand,
searched through it. "Two bucks? Two bucks? Is that all you've got?"
She rifled through the limp leather. "No credit cards? Shit, man."
She thrust the wallet back at me.

I turned  to make a break  for it, but found myself facing another  black woman,
this one somewhat plumper.
She grinned at me, and flashed a knife. "Where ya goin'?"
"Two bucks," the first woman complained. "The guy's got only two bucks."
The fat girl grinned again. "I heard. But maybe he's got something else in him."

Her hand  darted forward, grabbing my crotch. I stepped backward, away from her,
but  the first  woman was right  behind me. I felt  a pressure against  my lower
back. I had visions of the knife slashing my kidneys. I held still.

"This way," the fat one muttered, gesturing with the knife in her hand.
She pushed me into the darkess between buildings.

They guided  me down the  alleyway to an  unmarked door. The fat one  opened the
door, and  they pushed me inside. The dim hallway  made several turns, and ended
at another door. The thin one opened the door.
The room was bright, compared to the darkness I had become accustomed to.
There was a bed -- well, there was a mattress and box springs on the floor.
The walls  were a pale  green, unadorned, except for a long mirror, about a foot
and a half high, that stretched the length of one wall.

"Take off your clothes," the fat one demanded.
"What?" I sputtered.
She gestured with the knife again. "Take 'em off or I'll cut 'em off."
The look in her eyes was frightening.
I began to take off my clothes. I soon stood before them in just my underpants.
"The Jockey shorts, too," the thin one grinned.
Grimacing, I pulled off the shorts.
"Nice ass," the fat one said.
"But a little small in the front," the thin one laughed.

The fat one  joined her laugh with a giggle. She stepped up to me and grabbed my
penis. She squeezed it, and whispered, "Now, you're gonna fuck us - both of us -
and if you come before both of us do, you're gonna get cut. Unnerstand?"
I nodded.

The fat one looked over at the thin one. "You wanna go first?"
The thin one shrugged. "Don't care."
She stripped  quickly. Her  body, lean  and long, was attractive. She  had small
breasts, but large, black nipples. Her unshaved pubic hair was bushy and equally
black. The fat one squeezed my cock, which had begun to stiffen.
"I think he likes you," she giggled.

The thin  one sat on  the mattress, putting  her knife  within reach. She leaned
back, and spread  her legs. She reached  down between her  legs, and  spread her
labia  with her fingers. Just inside the dark labia, I could see the pinkness of
her vagina.

"Ever see a black pussy?" she asked.
I shook my head.
With a smile, she spread her legs wider, leaning farther back.
"Get a good look," she said.

The fat one moved behind me, and pushed me toward the bed.  I stumbled, and fell
to my knees.  I looked up, and found myself staring into the thin one's fragrant
hole.
"Lick me," she demanded.
I hesitated, and the fat one pushed me again.
"Lick her!" she said.

I leaned  forward, extending  my tongue  until it touched her  pussy. She tasted
salty; the scent of her pussy assailed my nose -- a cross between cheap perfume,
urine and day-old flounder.
"Is that the best you can do?"
The fat one shoved me again; my face plunged into the thin one's crotch.
"In for  a penny,..." I thought, and  began to  move my tongue  up and  down her
slit.

"That's better," the thin one said. "Now lick my clit." 
She held  her labia apart  with her fingers, making her clit more obvious. I ran
my tongue over it.

Obviously, I couldn't  see behind me. So it was a surprise when I felt the naked
body of the fat  one pressing up behind me. She cupped my ass with her hips, and
her hands reached around me, grasping my cock.
She stroked slowly, a movement designed to make me harder. My body responded, my
cock pumping up in her hands.
The thin  one moaned, pushing  the back of my head, pressing my face deeper into
her cunt.  My mouth slid over her clit, wide open. My tongue pressed against her
clit.  It felt hot and hard against my tongue.

Behind  me, the  fat one pushed  my knees  apart, then  I felt her  move around,
releasing her hands from my cock; then I felt her head slide between my knees. I
felt the wetness of her mouth as she drew my scrotum between her lips.
I shifted  my hips; she responded  by grabbing the tip of my cock in  her mouth,
her tongue teasing the  underside of my prick as the cockhead caught just behind
her front teeth.

"Move your tongue," the thin one commanded.
My attention was drawn back to her, as I rolled her clit with my tongue.
I felt  the fat one shift again, and her mouth enveloped my  shaft. The thin one
held my head tightly, as my tongue rolled over her clit. 
I began to move my  hips, pushing my cock into the fat one's mouth. She took two
or three strokes, then pulled back, letting my cock escape her mouth.

"Hey, don't..." she gasped.
She pushed me  over onto one  side, the thin one still holding my head  tightly.
The  fat one  rolled my hips to  one side, and attacked  my cock  again with her
mouth, taking me deeply, her tongue moving lazily over my cockhead and shaft.
The thin  one moaned, and her hips shook as she pressed her snatch  into my lips
and jaw.

"Dijew cum?" the fat one asked, taking her mouth from my cock.
"Uh-huh," the thin one whined. She released my head, and I sat back, gasping for
breath.
"Then it's  my turn," the  fat one  said. She turned  around, on all  fours, and
presented her ass to me.
"Fuck me from behind, boy," she commanded.

I must have hesitated a moment, because the thin one pushed at me.
"Do it," she hissed.
I moved  up behind the  fat one, and with a hand on each ample  cheek, separated
her asscheeks.  Her pink-brown asshole winked at me, and below, the dark lips of
her cunt. I pressed  forward, my  cockhead finding  and nestling into her nether
lips.
"Fuck me, boy!" she shouted.

I pushed forward, and her cunt, wet and slippery, engulfed my pecker. She pushed
back against me as I pushed forward. My hips pressed hard against her ass before
I was fully inside her.
I pulled  back to take another stroke, but she pushed back against me. I lost my
balance, falling backwards onto the floor.
She kept  me inside  her -- somehow -- and sat back on me, pressing  her fat ass
down on me, pushing my stiff rod up her wet cunt.
She moved  up and down, using her legs to raise and lower herself on my cock.  I
could  only see her back, but  I could tell from the movements of her  arms that
she was  clutching at  one fat tit with one hand, and rubbing her  clit with the
other.

The thin  one got up and  walked around, behind and with her back toward the fat
one, and straddling me. I looked up into her dark bushy pubic hair. She began to
gyrate, dancing to some unheard music, when suddenly she stopped short. Her body
tensed a bit, then a thin stream of liquid poured from between her legs...
Damn, I thought, she's pissing on me!

The  stream hit  me in the  neck, and as  I tilted  my head back, up my  chin. I
managed to keep it out of my mouth.

"Umngh!" the  fat one groaned, and  she rolled  over and off of me. The thin one
scrambled out  of the way as I  sat up quickly, out of the puddle of piss on the
floor.

I grabbed  a piece of  cloth off the floor and wiped at my neck and  chin. There
was fire in my eye, as I advanced on the thin bitch who had pissed on me.
I grabbed  her arm, whirled her around, her ass toward me. I pushed  down on her
shoulder, and she bent double, pressing her ass against me.

My cock was still hard, and the fat one's juices were still thick and wet on it.
My  cockhead  pressed  against the  thin one's  asshole, and  I pushed  forward,
impaling her ass.
The bitch hollered as my cock slid into her asshole.
The fat  one stirred on the floor, but I shoved her over with one foot. I pulled
back a  little, then jammed  my cock in again, pushing farther in this time. The
hollering gave way to a whimper. Another stroke, then another.

She was moaning now, whispering "Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah."
I let go  of her  arm, using  both hands  on her  hips as she leaned  forward. I
thrust again, and her asshole tightened around my cock. I felt my balls tighten,
and I pushed  in deeper, unloading myself up her ass. After I finished coming, I
let go of her; she fell forward on the bed, whimpering.

I stood  a moment, my  erection waning, shit  on my cock... and the  lights went
out.

In the darkness, a bundle of clothing was thrust into my hands, and I was pushed
through a door, which closed behind me.
There was a dim light in this little room. I put on my clothes hurredly.
I tried the door through which I had been pushed, but it was locked.
There was  another door. I tried it, and it opened. I went through it, and found
myself in an alley.  I reached  back for my wallet, and it was tucked in my back
pocket. I took it out and looked, expecting it to be empty. 
But instead  of the two bucks being  gone, they were still  there, along  with a
crisp twenty.

I put the  wallet away, and  ducked out of the alley to the street. I glanced up
at the building from which I had just emerged.
A neon marquee advertised "live sex show!" "Girls,Girls,Girls".

I started inside, but a voice behind me said, "The show's over, man."
Turning, I looked at the man in the overcoat, who drew deeply on a cigarette.
"Over?" I asked.
"Yeah. You shoulda  seen it, man. There  was this one  white guy  and two  black
chicks..." He drew again on the butt.
"It was hot, man. I cum three times. One of the chicks pissed on him."
He tossed the smoke to the floor and ground it out.
He walked away, muttering, "Hot, man. Three times."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
