winsel um gnade oder schrei es heraus
es gibt keine hoffnung du kommst niemals mehr raus
denn hier ist dein ende und ich werde es lieben
zu weiden dich aus am bunkertor sieben

                                        excerpt from "Bunkertor 7" by :wumpscut:

Hey wot!  YOU FINALLY FOUND IT!

THE HIT INTO YOUR STOMACH!
   THE SLAP INTO YOUR FACE!
      THE KICK INTO YOUR BALLS!

                             THE HIDDEN ARTICLE!

Wow... I really can't remember which issue  of the UCM was the last one where we
included a  hidden article, I think  it was issue 5 or maybe 6 and this is about
3 years ago... wow!
And so I really don't remember what has to be written in this article...
Crap? Senseless things? Slaggings? Stuffs about my more or less secret love?!

I still don't know... today is the 3.1. and  I'm sitting there and  doing really
the final  touches on  this new UCM... And I'm kinda happy, because one  special
guy shouldn't  find this  article as easy as in former times, PHOENIX of VEX who
ever red the UCM with the Destille, a data-extraction utility... but for the old
DATA files!

But new shell coder - finally new data file! Hehe! Thanx to Pieter for his great
work in recreating the whole shell! Without you we would be nothing! Without you
the UCM wouldn't be the thing it is today, without you my scene contacts weren't
as interesting as they are...

It's great  to have you on my  and our side and  I'm looking forward to meet you
again on the ERROR IN LINE, to drink some beers together and to craptalk another
round... All the best for you!

You're still here, reading this crap? Eh! Just  switch your  machine OFF, go out
and you  will see that  there is a world out  there! There are people  around to
meet (hi to  the QFT and  L.E. posse), women to  love (s.m.), cars to  crash (hi
SLAPSHOT!), burgers to eat (bleurgh), parties to go, a life to live!

                        COMPUTERS STEALING JUST OUR TIME!

...but I love them anyway =)

----------------------------------------------------- moondog - poets of decay -