--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       IS THERE A REASON TO QUIT THE SCENE?!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The reason  to write this article is  quite simple because  this horrible  thing
smashed into our small Atari world like the  comet in the  movie "Armageddon" or
even "Godzilla" under drugs... It's the quit of TAT of AVENA.

At first  let me point out that it's just lame to quit the scene from one day to
another. I don't know  if there can  be a reason to quit his work  in the way he
did and to say it right, there can't be an understandable reason at all.
Just for example, even the death of a member  of my family don't lead me to quit
the Atari scene for just  even a week or so! And don't think  that my father was
not worth anything for me!
For a cracker there may be a reason, the bust, the  jail or something like that,
even I could understand  the quit of the scene because of  health problems or so
on... but TAT's move wasn't foreseeable and isn't understandable at all.

Yes, I say it, it's lame! Not because of the fact that there seems to be no real
reason to quit, no, it's  more the problem to force some people to work for some
demo stuff and then smashing them against the head with such a decision!
No, I don't want  to cry because of TAT's quit of the scene! I'm angry about the
horrible consequences of his move!
At first he matched it  to involve the most talented people just like AGENT T of
CREAM and MOD of .tSCc. in his project and than he says: "That's it! Bye!"?!
And he don't thinks just a second about the things going on  in the heads of the
people who invested also a lot of time and enthousiasm in this project!?

I will never  understand this move, esp. because  MOD wrote it in  his interview
for UCM # 13, that he  was pissed by  the fact that he worked for so  many demos
and  other productions in  his long history  which are  finally kicked  into the
trashcan. And now... the biggest and  most promising  project at all  was kicked
too. I think you know what MOD is thinking at the moment!

Yes, you're right! He finally want's to quit this scene too and for ME this will
be a bigger  loss than TAT! MOD isn't even a friend of  mine since many years, a
friend  I want to have on my side also  in the Atari scene, no he's one the most
talented guys  in our small scene  too and meanwhile TAT seems to have no reason
to quit the things in the way he did it, MOD -HAS- a reason to leave us alone!

Because he was left alone once more, because  he did stuff for a scene or better
for a coder who wasn't worth all the hype, because he smashed a lot of time into
the trashcan, a lot of time which could be used to help other people.
I really can understand him! He is a perfectionist, no question, and he wants to
get  as much fame as possible  but I still think it's possible to get  this fame
even in  the Atari scene. But when you look  back the way of MOD is maybe one of
the most frustrating ones I've ever seen.

With his  first band there were no laurels  to reach, with .tnb. the possibility
was there, but the band  destroyed all his ideas and  he painted a  lot of stuff
which was never used... And this sucked like hell, no question.
Before .tnb. died he  matched to join  .tSCc., maybe the most  promising band of
this time  in Germany, but who could know that they were already infected by the
PC virus, that  they don't had the ass in their pants to go on  with demo coding
after the desastrous SILICON'97 results... So he joined a team which wasn't able
to set his grafix into the right light.
He started to work for other people, so the MYSTIC BYTES fucked up including his
number one picture from the ORNETA'98  into their  winner demo "Teardrop", other
projects like "Resurrection" are  laying on ice  and will perhaps  never see the
light of day... so what's up with this fucking Atari scene?!

We should be  proud to have a  grafician like MOD, a painter who is  talented as
he is and  a painter who is active like  hell... But he isn't worth  anything if
all coders fucking up with the release of the productions he was involved too...
The most  pervert thing is that a  demo with grafix by  MOD (which  were painted
originally for Atari productions) has made the first place on a PC party, it was
a PC demo ofcourse... There he got  fame, there he got the feeling to be needed,
there  he got the  laurels he deserves, there  he found  people who are  able to
include his grafix into a production in the right way...

So what's the consequence... it's our  fault, or better the fault  of the coders
who are too lazy and maybe to lame to bring all the productions to his end where
people like  MOD were involved... not to give him the fame, no, just to show him
that we  are able to create  something brainblasting, surrounded  by MOD's great
grafix too on the Atari, to show him  that he don't sat for nothing  in his room
for many days and nights...

Ok, to  find an end... maybe you're surprised  by the fact that MOD  don't wrote
any article for the current issue of the UCM, he  told me that he don't  want to
do anything for the next time and maybe forever, because he don't see any sense,
and believe me, I can really understand his views.
Anyway, it hitted  us hard, because he  wanted to paint a new loader picture and
create new shell grafix too, before TAT got his strange idea to quit... And now?
MOD is sitting  at home, doing nothing for the scene anymore, maybe forever. And
who brought him on this way? TAT... TittenTAT of Avena...

At the moment I miss MOD  very much, not alone  that his grafical  abilities are
lost for  the UCM at the moment, furthermore he don't wrote  one fucking article
and I have to kick him out of the regular  writers posse. So he's a big loss for
us too, not only for the whole scene at all!
Ok, we matched  it anyway to  release this UCM nearly in time, but we miss  him,
even if we don't need  him urgently because it would be a failure to project all
hopes for help into one single person.
Anyway, I hope to see you back  soon, MOD, maybe on the side of some  other very
talented AND productive coders!

And for TAT, as the one who already quitted the scene finally... do you remember
my little readme of UCM # 13, where I wrote something about the word friendship?
It seems  not... friendship  is (besides  in the real  life) the most  important
thing in the Atari scene! These  times are gone as it seems, at  least for a few
people, like you for example!
In former times (the good old times) the scene life was based on friendship, the
Atari scene was known for their friendly atmosphere. Today there isn't much left
of this... at  least if we take a look to  the people  who're kicking  the scene
while quitting from one day to the other...

Sure, we can't force you to go on and this isn't the reason of this article. But
don't you think  there was a better  way to quit the  scene? Many people already
knew the  fact that "BINLINER" would be your last demo at all and to bring it to
an end and include there the message  that you're going to quit the  scene would
be a way the people would have accept.
But you prefered it  to code some great things (I heard of the previews you sent
to mOd...), you matched it  to involve some of the  most talented people of this
scene, you filled them  with enthusiasm and than you made the most disappointing
step of 1998?! It  sounded at first  like a bad joke, than  at least  in my mind
came up a  feeling of depression, but this changed  into rage (at  least for me)
now... maybe  I'm to  hard with  this  lines, maybe  unfair, maybe  incorrect or
something else, but I wrote down just the feeling I had inside  after I heard of
your quit, TAT.

I know, it's too  late now, but be sure, I don't regret any  single line I wrote
in this article. Furthermore  it encourages  my view about the  current state of
the  Atari scene (again, read my  doc for  UCM # 13). But  it gives  me also the
intention to go  on with my  own views about  the word "friendship"... Maybe you
don't  believe me, but  I'm a "friend till the end", the people who  know me and
stepped through hard times on my side, will know about this.

I hope I'm not the only one of this kind in THIS scene!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .we will stand till the end.                          moondog . poets of decay
-----------------------------------------------------------------------17-11-98-