--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Lynn
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                   

I'd  finally  made it. Years  of hard  work, making  a name  for  myself in  the
advertising  industry had finally paid off. As the youngest Senior  V. P. in the
agencies  history I was  way ahead of the  game. Combine  that with  a move from
dreary NYC to  LA as a successful, highly paid bachelor and it's easy to see why
all was well with my life.  

Every  day seemed like  another day in paradise. Beautiful weather, a commute in
the  company helicopter from  my home  in Newport Beach  to our  offices  in LA,
membership  in the best  tennis and golf clubs...perfect. And the women. Nowhere
in  the  US are  the women  as stunning  as Southern CA. Great  shape  and great
shapes. Tanned, free spirited and always ready for a great time.  

My first few months were filled with the responsibilities of my new position but
as time  passed I felt  the need for some deeper relationships than  the surface
relationships  I was having. Then I met Lynn. Beautiful, wonderful, intelligent,
super freaky Lynn.  

I was  on a  flight  returning  from  a meeting  in Atlanta. Somehow  I ended up
switching  planes in Dallas and had 2 hours to kill. I checked into the Admirals
Club, found a seat and an ashtray and made a few calls . As I smoked and watched
the  crowd a  stunning bruenette  walked into the  bar. She  was about  5'7" and
dressed  to thrill in white linen suite (with no blouse under the jacket) cut to
about 5" above  her knees. Her  legs were perfect perched on heels that added at
least  another 3" to her height. Green eyes, full lips and mediteranean features
virtually insured her a place in my "Girls I'd Fuck In a Minute" Hall of Fame.

She quickly looked around the bar and saw that the only phone not in use was the
one I'd  just hung up. She  made her way through the crowd and sat in one of the
low  lounge chairs next to mine. She smiled and  asked me if I were  still using
the phone  and without waiting for an answer started to dial. I  listened to her
while  she told  someone that she'd had to take a  later flight and  wouldn't be
getting  to Laguna Beach until sometime in the evening. Putting 2 and 2 together
I guessed that she and I would be on the same flight.
The rest  of her conversation  centered around  her work (whatever  it  was) and
ended with her saying that she'd be in in the morning and that things had better
not be a mess when she got there. Her perfume drifted to me and surrounded me.
Poison. Nothing  makes me crazier. After hanging up she thanked me for the phone
and said  that she'd  been gone  for 2 weeks and that her  company seemed  to be
falling  down without her. I  offerred that it was the same everywhere  with the
exception  that some companies fall apart in much less than 2 weeks and that she
should  consider  herself fortunate. We  continued  to talk and  found out  many
things about eachother including the fact that we were on the same flight.
At the  time I can remember  thinking about how  attracted to her I was and that
she  could be more than just a casual thing. I got the feeling that she felt the
same  way. As we left  the club we tried to get our seat assignments  changed to
sit  next to one  another but  all of  first class  was  sold  out. The  airline
suggested that we try to change our seats once on the plane.  

As we boarded  men and women stared at her as we passed. She  carried herself as
someone who was secure with everything in her world. It was easy to switch seats
once onboard although we did find ourselves in the front row facing a wall.
Although  at the  time these were  my least favorite  seats on  MD-80's, I since
changed my  mind. Lynn had to bend slightly  to get into  her seat to  avoin the
overhead  storage. As she did  her jacket fell away from her and gave me a great
view of 2 perfect  breasts straining  against the delicate lace of her bra. Just
before she sat down she looked straight at me and seeing the look on my face and
the direction of my stare, caught me in the act.
Although she smiled, I felt like I had just had strike one called against me for
revealing the other, to that point well hidden level of my interest in her.  

The  flight attendants  served us drinks  before take-off  and went  through the
various  safety speeches. The  attendant working  the first class section  was a
frosted blonde  in her 30's. Just like the slogan said, she loved to  fly and it
showed. More than  once I checked her out to watch her bend as she served drinks
and to stretch as she reached for pillows and blankets from the overhead.
She was  almost as much of a turnon as my seatmate.Shortly after, we were on our
way.  

Lynn and I continued  to talk and to laugh and I continued to sneak looks at her
crossed  legs when not staring  into her gorgeous face. Our conversation started
to become more  intimate after a time and we discussed our loves and losses over
the years. Amazingly  Lynn had been so focussed on her carreer for  the past few
years she was a unattached as I. Things were progressing perfectly.  

After serving dinner the flight attendants cleared away the china and turned the
lights lower  for the remainder of our flight to Orange County. It was then that
Lynn got  up to use the  restroom and gave me another  stupendous view  down the
front  of her suit. This time, because  I was seated, the view lasted  longer as
she passed in  front of me to get to the isle. Between the swell of her breasts,
the lace  of her lingerie  and the scent of her perfume, it was all that I could
do not to  follow her into the lav. When she returned I got the same  view, just
as long and a fresh dose of her fragrance.  

When she was back in her seat she had a coy smile on her face.
"Have you seen enough of me yet?", she coyly asked.
"Not even close", was my immediate reply.
Lynn told  me that although  she avoided men in airports and on  planes like the
plague, she was  enjoying her time with me. I don't know what possessed me but I
leaned over  close to her and kissed her. What I got  in return was  the softest
most sensual lips and her seeking tongue.
"I've wanted  that since we first got on the plane", she said. "It really turned
me on  when you were  looking down my suit. I wanted to  pull your face  into my
tits. All  through dinner  I watched you and  thought  about my nipples  in your
mouth. When I got up to go to the bathroom it was to give you another long look.
I almost came before I got into the isle."
I couldn't  believe what I was hearing. She was almost moaning her words into my
ear. Before she continued, she kissed my earlobe and slowly bathed the inside of
my ear with her tongue.
"I'd always had a fantasy about exposing myself to strangers, I'd just never had
the guts to carry it through. Seeing you looking at me did something to me and I
wanted to do more. I brought you something from the lav."
I  looked  down to see  what she'd  placed on  my lap  and saw  a pair of  lacey
panties. They matched the bra she was wearing perfectly. Although full cut, they
were  full lace  and just thinking  of her ass  covered with  them made  my cock
harder  than ever. I reached down to touch them and felt the cloth  strip in the
crotch. It was soaked.  

I glanced across  the isle to my right and saw that the guy in the isle seat had
seen what  was in my lap. The person next to him was asleep. I kissed Lynn again
deeply.
"The guy  across from me  saw you put your panties in my lap. What do  you think
he'll do when he sees me hold them to my face?"
"He knows  that you're  naked beneath  your skirt. Maybe I should just  give the
panties to him as a reminder of the beautiful woman who was naked on the plane."
Lynn  squirmed a little  in her seat. Her  actions told me that she  was getting
even more turned on by my words.  

I turned in  my seat to face her and took the panties in my hand. I brought them
to my  face and smelled  the aroma of  her perfume and her sexual  scent. As she
watched I licked  the crotch. I leaned forward  with her juices from the panties
still on  my tongue and kissed her. She  sucked wildly  on my tongue  and moaned
into my mouth. When our kiss broke, I pushed the panty crotch to her mouth.
She sucked  it in and put  one her hands inside of her jacket. The sight of this
beautiful, sexy  woman sucking on  her own lingerie and playing with  her breast
through her bra with hundreds of people on a plane behind us was an unbelievable
turnon.  

I took the  panties from her  mouth and kissed  her again, this time  putting my
hand on  her breast as  she'd done. As  I kissed her  I asked if  the thought of
other people seeing her panties made her hot. I told her that the guy across the
isle was still watching and had seen her suck them and feel her own tits.
"I feel like  such a slut. I love it. Sitting  here with no  panties, tasting my
own cum on them, sucking  your tongue while that man watches. I've never been so
turned on in my life", said Lynn.
"I want to  make you crazy  Lynn. I want this to be the start of the most erotic
and satisfying relationship either one of us has ever had, okay?"
All Lynn  could do was look at me through eyes glazed by lust and nod her desire
for the same.  

I took her panties and tossed them in the isle. Lynn gasped knowing that someone
would  surely see them  there. At this  point the sexy flight attendants  walked
through  the cabin. Out of  the corner of my eye I saw her stop and  look at the
unusual find on the floor of the plane. I turned as if to ask her for a drink.
I acted  surprised when  I saw her staring  at the underwear and embarassed when
she asked  if I knew where they came from. I replied that we had gotten a little
carried away and must be too turned on to know where our clothing was.
The flight  attendant must not have bought my charade and instead started one of
her own. She picked up the panties and leaned over Lynn and I.
"Are these yours Ms. Samuels?", (she'd  gotten our names earlier when seating us
in first class).
"It's okay if  they are because frankly my pussy gets really hot when I fly too.
I'm going up to  the galley now to take my mine off, would you like to help? You
don't  have to answer  now, just come  up front and close the curtain if  you're
interested."
With that, she brought the panties to her nose and sniffed hard.
"I'll just  keep these  in any case, I love  the way you smell, I wonder  if you
taste as good?"  

As she walked away, Lynn started to come. I could tell from the look in her eyes
that the  attendants actions  had added more fuel to an already raging  fire. As
the  first wave  of her orgasm  hit, I reached  over and put  my hand under  her
skirt. I  could feel the  straps of her garter belt as I pushed my way up to her
pussy. It was soaked.
She lifted  her ass to  meet my hand and  pulled her skirt up to her  waist. Now
anyone who looked  could see her with her head thrown back against the seat with
one hand against her mouth stifling the sounds of her cumming.
As my  fingers found her  sex I was surprised  that there was no  hair. Smoothly
shaven, Lynn;s cunt  was framed perfectly  by the garter belt and the lacey tops
of her sheer white stockings.
With 2 fingers  of my right hand jammed in her pussy, I used my thumb to rub her
clit. As soon as one  climax stopped another started until with a final, violent
shudder Lynn came again and could take no more.
"I've got to  have your cock!", she panted. I replied  that we'd get  to that in
good time. I once  again reminded  her of the  gentleman across the isle and how
he'd watched everything.
"I want him to see where my hand was and to see how beautiful your pussy is."  

With that Lynn  slipped out of  her seat and squatted facing the oposite side of
the plane. She slowly  spread her legs  until they were touching the seat on her
right and the bulkhead on her left. Because of the  darkness it was  hard to see
clearly.
"Would you like me to turn on the reading lights so he can see better?", I asked
Lynn. "Yes, let him see my pussy!", she whispered.
I turned all three reading  lights on and was mesmerized by the sight before me.
Lynn's shaven cunt  was displayed beautifully  by the lights. As we  watched she
pushed three of  her fingers partially inside. Leaning back  against the side of
the  plane she  began to stroke  herself  taking more  and more  of her  fingers
inside, pausing  to add a fourth  finger and then her thumb. Working  almost her
whole hand inside she would take it out and lick her juices off and then push it
back in. As she stared at the man watching her she pulled her hand free and then
went back to using just two fingers. What came next pushed the poor guy over the
edge. Lynn took her other 2 fingers and pushed at the opening of her ass.
Slowly they sank in until all four of her fingers were pushed in to the limit in
her pussy and  ass. As she fingered herself the guy moaned and must have come in
his pants. Lynn got up from her squat and back into her seat.  

Kissing Lynn  deeply I unbuttoned  her jacket  to reveal her  bra to anyone  who
cared  or was lucky  enough to  look. I took her by the hand and got up  from my
seat. Lynn made no attempt to cover herself as she made her way to  the isle and
followed me forward to the galley.  

Standing just inside was our favorite flight attendant.
"Come to help me?", she  asked. She  walked past  us to the  intercom telephone.
"I'm going  to busy in the front galley for a little while. Can you see that I'm
not  disturbed? Thanks baby, you know I'll take  care of you  tonight. Of course
I'll tell you  all about it Thanks." She then came back to the galley and pulled
the curtain  shut behind her. She was wearing a uniform dress that was below the
knees  and buttoned up  the front  with an open  collar. A wide belt  around the
middle  accented  her  shape, pulling  the dress tight  around her  breasts  and
perfectly  accentuating  the curve of her ass. Blue hose completed the  required
airline uniform. The name tag on her dress said that her name was Bev.  

Bev leaned against the galley counter, smiling, as she said, "Coffee, tea or me?
I've been hoping that the two of you would take me up on my offer."
With that  she pulled Lynn's  panties from the pocket of her dress and held them
to her face.
"I took  these into  the lav  with me  and held  them to my  face. Your scent it
wonderful. I hope you like mine too."  

With that Bev reached down and began unbuttoning her dress from the hem, all the
while staring into Lynn's eyes. Lynn couldn't take her eyes off the sight before
her. She  leaned back  against me and  started  to play with  her nipples  again
through her  bra. I reached down and lifted her skirt to  her waist. As one hand
undid my fly, my other hand reached around to feel her hot, hairless pussy.
Bev had  her dress unbuttoned  all the way to her belt and let it fall to either
side of her  gorgeous  thighs. Bev turned  her back to  us and pulled  the dress
above her ass as  she bent over. Through the sheer top of her pantyhose we could
see a black lace thong pulled tight into the crack of her buttocks.  

Bev put her hands on the galley counter in front of her and looked back over her
shoulder. "Pull my pantyhose down to my knees lover", she said to Lynn.
As Lynn  bent forward to do so I pushed my cock against the opening of her cunt.
Moving just the head in and out I watched as she pulled the pantyhose down.
"I want you to kiss my ass", said Bev. "Lick my cheeks while he fucks you."
Lynn was pushing  back against my cock and licking Bev ass  cheecks. Bev grabbed
Lynn by the hair and pulled her face in tight to the crack of her ass.
"Pull my panties down and lick my asshole", commanded Bev.
As Lynn  complied I slammed  my full length  into her. As if she were  unable to
control herself she buried her face in Bev's beautiful ass.  

Lynn was pushing  back to meet my thrusts as she sucked Bev's asshole. The whole
time  Bev was moaning  softly  about how  it felt to  have the tongue of  such a
beautiful  woman bathing  her ass. Bev  leaned  further  forward and  placed her
shoulders on the edge of the galley counter. With her legs straight and her back
arched she reached back to pull her ass cheeks wide open. 
Lynn pulled  away from  my cock and  sank to her knees. Turning to  face me, she
leaned  back and  began to  lick  Bev's  pussy  from  below. What  a  sight. Two
beautiful  women, one  on her knees with two fingers of her hand pushed into the
cunt of the other while she licked her, the other with her panties and pantyhose
around her ankles, back arched holding her dress above her waiste. 
Unbelieveable.  

Soon  Lynn added another  twist to the  picture. Bev's  ass was  glistening with
Lynn's saliva. Using some of Bev's pussy juice and the wetness from her licking,
Lynn  began to jack  Bev's ass with her other two fingers. Bev got so  turned on
that she  started to lick her arm. It was if she was dreaming that it was a cock
begging  for her attention. I moved  forward so  that Lynn could suck my cock as
she played  with Bev. Lynn took  my length on the first stroke  and then  slowly
pulled back and bathed it with her tongue. The sensations were making  me crazy.
As she worked  us both over, Lynn was the most beautiful sight I'd seen. She had
the same classic looks but with the added dimension of her unbridled sexuality.  

Lynn pulled  my cock from her mouth  and stood  back up. She bent forward and
dribbled more of her spit into
Bev's open ass. Using her saliva she once again pushed her
fingers in deep, spreading Bev's asshole even further. "Fuck
her ass, make her feel your hard cock in her ass." Lynn
pulled Bev from the counter and kissed her deeply on the lips.
When their kiss broke she bent Bev over so that her hands were
placed on the floor. Lynn leaned over her back, gave my cock one
last lick and placed it at the opening of Bev's asshole. As the
tip of my cock started to part the opening, Lynn pushed her
crotch against Bev's back, impaling Bev on my cock in one fast,
searing motion. "Now fuck her hard. Fuck herass!" I
thought that I'd tear Bev in half but the way that she was
pounding back onto my cock told me otherwise. From the position
Lynn had Bev in it was easy to fuck hard. She was barely balanced
on her high heels and the fact that her hands were by her feet
made it perfect for rocking her back and forth on my cock. Lynn
had her skirt pulled up again and was working on her hairless
cunt. "Cum for me baby. I want you to fill her hot ass with
your cum." That was all that I could take. I slammed my cock
as deep in her ass as I could and released myself. It felt like
the longest cum I'd ever had. As my cock softened I pulled out of
Bev's ass. As it pulled free, Lynn dropped to her knees and
holding one hand on the opening of Bev's asshole, licked my cock
clean. Turning her head Lynn put her mouth over Bev's asshole.
Bev stood slightly and writhed on Lynn's tongue, clearly stuck
once again up the flight attendants ass. Lynn stood and pulled
Bev up too. Lynn tilted Bev's head back and bent to kiss her. As
Bev's mouth opened instead of kissing her Lynn opened her mouth
and let the cum she sucked from Bev's ass roll off her tongue.
Bev pulled her skirt to the side again and fingered her pussy,
obviously pushed to the edge by Lynn's lewdest act yet. Bev
pulled Lynn to her and sucked the rest of my cum from her tongue.
 

 The spell was broken when the galley phone
rang. Bev answered and then pushed the PA button. "Ladies
and gentlemen, the Captain has turned on the fasten seat belt
sign for our descent into Orange County. Please check to see that
your seatbelts are securely fastened and that any items are
stored under the seat in front of you or returned to the overhead
compartments. We'd like to take this opportunity for flying with
us today and hope that the next time that you fly, you'll fly
with us."  

 Watching Bev make this announcement as a drop
of my cum spilled from ass and fell to her pulled down pantyhose,
knowing that her ass was coated with my seed and that the rest
was coating her throat was a virtual guarantee that I'd never fly
any other airline if I could help it.  

 With her coat still unbuttoned Lynn took my
hand and led me to my seat. "My limo will be at the
terminal. Let's give our claim checks to the driver and head
straight to the car, okay?" I smiled at Lynn and told her
that wherever she led, I'd be one step behind.  
