--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                MAD BUTSCHER's MIXER
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


K
-
I first saw K on  the Gigafun two years ago, there it was planed a an example of
the possibilities of  the Phenix. Well 2 years ago there was a wow effect to see
the game, but  time don't stand still  and nowadays the game has to be  compared
with other Karts games and  you get the opinion, that  the Phenix and the Falcon
could do better.
People like me who likes the style of Flan will like the intro and menu graphix,
but the background graphics in the game are boring in some way.

Great graphics  and animation is one thing, much more important is the  gameplay
and the control managment.
I think that  ATARI Karts on  the  Jaguar is nearly  perfect in that part. K has
also a very good control management so you could really enjoy the game.
I don't know  if the enemy system  is finished, because in the preview they  are
too good for my opinion.

When I talked with Flan on the Jem some month ago he told me, that  there hasn't
been any changes since half a year, because the involved people are working hard
on the  release of Dolmen  and the Phenix. The  graphics seems ready, so we hope
that after the release of these projects K will be finished some day.
Another great game and a lot of happy people would be the reward.

Doom
----
There are  so much games for  the Falcon, a few release every day. So  every new
release  has to be  reviewed critically. So  look at the compiled Doom code  now
available  for the Falcon. It's  very slow, it  don't support the DSP, it has no
Sound, so lets  say we don't need  it, we have so much releases, we don't need a
slow Doom.

These opinion is the opinion of all people I met so far (Creature XL, MC Laser).
All people...no there is a small village ......
So I think that is great to see, that the Falcon is principly able to solve this
job and I look at it as a nice Demo and enjoyed it.
Some days ago  people were happy when a demo Dungeon had Textures on the top and
the bottom, and  Doom even  includes  thinking enemys (who  cost  performance of
course).

I really  looking forward  to test  it on my Centurbo  I, and  will wait for the
first DSP Version.


ABBUC JHV Herten 98
-------------------
At the 28th of october the Jahres Hauptversammlung of the A.B.B.U.C. (ATARI  bit
byter user club) was held in Herten, deep in the heart of the Ruhrpott.

About 50-100 people of the greatest ATARI club in Germany and the greatest ATARI
8 Bit Club in the World attend.
First there  was the report  of the officials of the Club. The number of members
is nearlly constant at a level between 450-500. The finance situation is as good
as every year,etc.
Then the different regional groups report.

The first  one was  the H.A.R. (Hannover ABBUC Regionalgruppe), it was the first
because  they  brided  the  head  of the  club with  a selfmade ATARI  tie (damn
slimers).
The H.A.R. present a new OS for the XF 551 Floppy. They also showed a preview of
a 512 KB Rom Disk in  a normal small Module  based on flashram technology. These
new projects drive nearly the whole crowd (all exlcude one) to insanity.

Next to the H.A.R. report the R.A.F (Regionale ABBUC gruppe Frankfurt).
From  the R.A.F  you  could  get  there  almost  famous SIO2PC interface for the
connection of a 8 Bit to a PC or ST and the DVM (digital Volt meter).

Then the  incredible S.W.A.T. (Suedwest ATARI Team) report. Before the meeting I
decided  that I will  report, but when I sat in front of the crowd I even forgot
the names of the other members of SWAT, shit happens, so I had more time to talk
about my l atest game "Bembel Wo" which I released  at the meeting. Besides this
there  seems to  be a new Diskmag for the called XE/XL (cool name, but it should
cover every ATARI).
One  member of  SWAT who don't  want to  be a member of SWAT did a Jagpad  to ST
adapter  so that you  could use  a Jagpad an the ST and a Joystick on the Falcon
both in one Jagpad, and some other Hardware stuff, but he fear, that some people
want to get the stuff so he said no word about them.

After  the boring  Swat shit  the V.A.G (Vogtland ABBUC Gruppe)  announced, that
there will be  another Schreiersgruen Fair at the 20.03.1999. We looking forward
to visit our new  colonised friends again and hope that there will join a lot of
other  besserwessies  too. Miko (shit  I can`t  rember his  name) showed  a  new
Version  of the  Boss desktop  system for  the XE/XL. It still  not  usefull for
anythink, but windows on Xl now has a MauMau game.

The A.R.G.S (Atari Regional Gruppe Stuttgart) mentioned  that  they retired from
8 Bit a little byte at the moment.

From the RELAG (Regionale ABBUG Gruppe im Ruhrgebiet) and from the Regionalgroup
Thueringen noone gone to the front.

The dutsch regionalgroup (no  panic the netherland aren't part of Germany ... so
far (was a joke, ok)) finished the Pool Disk 2. Now it is a double CD  with over
5600 Disks for the 8 Bit and  some additional  stuff like  homepages. People who
can't believe that there is enough stuff for 2 CD's should wonder!

Next to the  different regional groups, the 2 or 3 dealers told us what they are
doing and planning. Sascha Roeber did a new hint book for some more(or moreless)
adventures in cooperation with the ATARI public domain service Hamburg.
Last and least Beetle of Uno (united nightmares of Osnabrueck) mentioned that he
saw a preview  of the old ATARI classic Centipede at the CeBit home for  the PC)
PC sucks so forget it.

Then the  buying, selling, talking, flaming, even  more  flaming, and collecting
begun. I spend a lot of money, but get some good but unrare things.
After  some  time some  friends  of me  from Paderborn appears and give me their
Falcon, Software, a 800XL, a 1050 and a  1029 printer  for a box  of good german
beer (many thanks again dorry, marc)). Like jesus I spread these things to  some
people later.
Stefan Pollock  suddenly appears (he  registers Falcon shareware  like  Blum and
Mr.Boomer). He sell some copy of Jurassic Park II from Satantronic. The game was
made in 1995 and looks good (The Gambler/SWAT said).

After  the  end  of the meeting  as allways  we made a  convoy  to some  strange
Schnitzel  restaurant. With  the  guidance of  our presi  Wolfgang Burger (wolfi
rules) noone was lost.
The food wasn't very good, therefor the service was awfull.
I sat together with Creature XL/H.A.R. and  Beetle/Uno. We had a very informatic
talk and  decided to look if there is a possibility to cooperate to release some
new games. Beetle  even  joins  Foundation Two  so  I'm looking  forward  to the
future.

After  Schreiersgruen  Fair  at 20th  of mars  the next event in  99 is  Dresden
(Error line 99). I hope a lot of 8 Bit poepl will come too. (Poland  and Czechia
is near).

yours, Mad Butscher/Foundation Two
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





