
10 Years having an Atari ...

                              ... a kind of anniversary ...
                         
                                                              by The Paranoid
-------------------------------------------------------------_________________--

After having  to read moondog's tragic and very sad "5 years of Falcon" scene in
UCM 12 and their "Dissing You/Whole Life is war..." stuff in UCM 13 I considered
it to be the right time to hack a few words about another position regarding the
Atari scene.
And to put it in a nutshell - it's MY position.

However, I am  going to take a completely different approach to this as I see no
reason to slagg anyone off or to be unfriendly to anyone.
I just  wanted  to write a  few words about  how I see  the Atari  scene, how it
developed for my eyes so far and where it is going to go.

My very  first contact to Atari was - obviously - the Atari  2600. But it wasn't
even I who had one, my neighbour and good pal, nicknamed Luebke (who is now also
a member of Paranoia), bought one in 1983.
He spent about 380.- DM for it including PacMan and 2 Joysticks.
God, I don't  want to remember how many hours we spent playing PacMan, the first
"real" video game I ever played.
Later in 1984, I got to see the first "real" home computer, a C64. It still took
another  2 years before  I got myself  my own  video game, a  CBS ColecoVision -
which I still have.
1987 I bought a C64 myself  and entered the world of  home computers this way. I
sold it late 1988 again to buy an Atari 1040 STf in January 1989.

And this was the beginning of a deep and true love.
All my  friends (except for Luebke) had an Atari at this time and this was I got
to copy  and play a lot of games. Although I started with an  SM 124, I tried to
be creative and explore the possibilities of Omikron Basic.
I dropped Omikron Basic as I bought an RGB monitor for my ST and started to draw
a lot of graphics using Degas and I also started to code a little using STOS.
I tried to write several games but never succeeded.
Besides games I was looking for demos. I loved demos and intros. Simple cracker-
intros  for cracked  games were already a  good reason  for me to  copy even the
lousiest game - as long as the intro was good.
You can hardly imagine my excitement as I saw the Union Demo. I never considered
the Atari ST capable of those things. The music, the graphics, smooth horizontal
scrolling, fullscreen-modes and lots more. 
THIS was the scene I wanted to enter ...
But how? I  was just a  simple student, having no  contacts but the  friends who
shared their games with me, I didn't know any coders, graphicians or musicians.
This way  I had no chance to enter the "scene", so I kept trying  to write games
but never succeeded.

Between  1989 and 1993, there didn't happen very much. People  around me started
to sell their  Ataris, buy PCs, do nothing on computers anymore, I was  starting
to get a little bit lonely.
I met Thorsten Butschke  in 1993, another Atari fanatic who is now mainly coding
PCs and  Atari 8-bit computers for Foundation Two. We started  Solution Software
as he was looking for a graphician and I was looking for a coder.
I started to study chemistry  after school and  boy, this took a LOT of my time.
Solution Software  grew less and less active from my point  of view - but it was
rather that  Thorsten started a lot things by himself like  importing games from
all over Europe etc.
Having no  time and very  little motivation I bought a  PC in 1994, like  all my
folks at the university had one.
I honestly  considered to  do nothing on Atari anymore  although I  haven't even
started right. But Atari magazines died, all of my former Atari friends had sold
their Ataris long ago, there weren't any new games.. It looked very very dull...

...when I finally discovered the internet. Boy oh  boy, the ftp-sites  were full
of shareware games, utilities, demo versions of games and best of all: DEMOS !!!
Lots and lots of demos. Demos by groups I have never heard of before. Demos on 2
or more disks, demos with tracker music, demos with screens that beat Union Demo
easily. THIS was, when I started to love my Atari again.
I bought  an STE in 1995, equipped it with  4 MB and a  harddisk, and in 1996, I
finally  got a Falcon. God, how  I love that bird. My love to Atari  reached new
heights. Downloading  one Falcon  demo after  another, tuning  my  Falcon with a
screenblaster, an  FPU, a larger HD, active speakers  and lots and  lots more, I
decided to explore the STE a little more before starting to do serious things on
the Falcon. But again, my devotion for Atari was completely recovered.

In 1997, Solution Software  split up. After having a few quarrels with Thorsten,
we  decided to  give  the  project of  commercial games  up. There is  no market
anymore on Atari for that.
Besides, Thorsten went to the Siliconvention (alone ;-) and started to enter the
"scene", we still  have a little regular contact and he also tried  to "talk me"
into SWAT, his  new 8-bit user group, which is very nice of him, but  although I
own an  Atari 800 (and an 800 XL), I'm not really  into 8-bit. We still  respect
each other and at parties, we get along rather well.
Having  email and webaccess, I decided  to follow him  and go my way  with a new
group and  formed Paranoia - A simple name considering the fact that my nickname
is Paranoid  anyhow. But since  I already knew that  I would be the  most active
member of the group, I decided to take a name close to my own.
Currently, we  have 4 core members and 3  satellite  members. TNT, a  fellow who
also  studied chemistry  with me and is an Amiga user by  heart, Luebke, my best
and oldest  friend, who almost  threw his  PC out of  the window  and is  now an
Apple-fanatic, Mr.Future, a  talented musician from Sweden I met and meet on IRC
often  and myself. TNT  is using  Cinema 4D  on the Amiga  to produce  raytraced
graphics  and logos  and he is currently working on a killer-intro animation for
Paranoia. 
Luebke, who  tried to make  tracker-music, decided to skip that and has recently
started to make chipmusic on the ST as he was used to that on the  C64, like TAO
he doesn't  like to  collect samples and bother around with detuned  samples and
wrong loops but to have full control of the sound he produces.
Mr.Future is  an ace-musician in my eyes and  since he had no  group and since I
needed a tracker-musician, he agreed to join - he's a cool dude anyhow who hates
PCs and loves his Falcon.
The satellite  members are Strange, who was very active on the C64 for the group
Steel, Hurrican  and also for  the Rebels and who now has a little bit  time (he
changed his job) to reenter the graphician scene. He was one of the best  on C64
and I hope he can adjust to the ST.
Der Komtur is an Atari fanatic as well and had his Atari even before I had one -
in fact, he  sold ME his C64  to buy an  Atari 1040 STf himself - so he  had the
first 1040 STf I ever saw more than 2 minutes. Der Komtur hates PCs as well as I
do although you have very  little choice if you study economics what computer to
use. He is a cool dude and although he is not into demos, he is fun to be around
with and we play a lot of good old ST games.
And finally  Marcstar, another  old pal who  is a talented 386 coder. He  is the
only one  in Paranoia who likes PCs, but hates Windows. You can  imagine that he
runs  Linux on his  machine and codes 386 Assembler. Unfortunately, he  has very
little  time as  he studies  mathematics  AND has a job as  sysadmin in  a large
german company.

Well, this  where  we  are  today. In  the  meantime, I  collected  about  8  ST
computers, mainly as  they were dumped at the university and I asked for them. I
hardly switch  on my PC as I see no need for it. I sometimes play a few games on
it, but as I now have a PSX as well, I will not buy new hardware for it.
Paranoia  is a good group  as we all know and respect each other. We  are no ace
group, we will never release games like COC 3D or Running, we will never release
ace demos like Dream Dimension or time out.
But we just  do what we are best at and we all want to contribute to  this small
scene.

But why? And  this is  where the  anniversary  article  starts  to get  serious.
Because now I start to write what I intended to in the first place.

It can't be  technical superiority ... anymore. I mean, let's get back in time a
little. Did you  see VGA  graphics move  smoothly  before  1995? I  don't, and I
remember  having seen  a "Columns" clone on the PC in 1994, where you  could see
the screen refresh - Even I had learned to avoid that on the ST in the meantime.
The Falcon  was clearly  superior to ANY PC  when it was  released - even though
with 16 MHz it was quite slow. However, the market was beginning to be dominated
by PCs  at that  time  anyway - as  dealers, software  manufacturers (especially
Micro$oft) saw that the PC market was the one that promised the largest profit.
What keeps us at a machine from 1995 when PC users even dump their 1998 machines
now?

First, it  must be nostalgia. I mean, I sometimes load a few old ST Demos by the
Overlanders, Oxygene, Delta  Force, TEX, Holocaust, the Wild Boys, Inner Circle,
Chaos etc. etc. just for the fun of it. I know what the  ST is capable  of and I
think I know how to judge the programmers effort for the specific effects. It is
great to  have a  computer with  a past - as the  PC has  none. Is  there any PC
program that looks good and is well designed before 1993?
So Nostalgia is of course one major reason for our/my love for Atari. 
I just remember the  hours and  hours of  fun I had with it, the games I played,
the demos I  watched, I play the games again (Der Komtur and I are Bubble-Bobble
fanatics), I watch  the demos again, I read  the scrolltexts and smile about the
quarrels between Inner Circle and The Lost Boys, the dissing because of a stolen
effect etc.
The Atari ST computer  series is a computer with a really great and  moving past
and if the PC users are  honest, without the ST  the modern PC would  look quite
different.

Another  reason was  mentioned above  already. Atari  users usually  know how to
judge  programmers efforts  to achieve  special  effects. Are we  impressed with
processor  power? I mean, do  we appreciate  someone  who  designed  a  nice  3D
landscape on a 345 MHz PC with a 3D card?
If he did  his job well, we  probably  appreciate  his  design, but  we look for
programming  power and we find none. Do 3D  games on the  PC impress us? If they
are fun, yes, of  course, but only because of the fun of it, not because  of the
technical aspects. And god knows how many lame 3D games there are on the PC just
because they are so easy to do.
But we appreciate "good" programming on the Atari, the Amiga, the C64, the Atari
XL ... We know about the possibilities of our machines and judge the programmers
job by that, which is a lot fairer than PC Users rate their games/demos.
I do not want to underestimate the advantages of modern and high-speed PCs, they
have  given us  the basis for games or programs we only  dreamed of a  few years
ago. But  when it comes  to fun or  originality, they  have caused a major  step
back.
In contrast to this, Atari (Amiga and all the other "small" computer scenes) are
still actively  developing the possibilites further. 3D objects are nice on a 3D
card, but when Syntax does them on a simple STE, I appreciate it a lot more.
Again, if PC users are honest they have to admit that PC games (and demos) would
look different if Atari hadn't been there and if there hadn't been people trying
to push the Atari beyond its limits.

And finally, Atari  is good  for creativity  like a  PC  will never  be. Can you
imagine "Lost Blubb" on  a PC? I can't. Or a demo like the Union  demo? Although
some people are currently converting the Union Demo to Windows 95 (using DirectX
... LAME !!!!!), the original has NOT been on the PC.
And  I  dare to  say  that  demos  like  "Lost Blubb" or  "Sonolumineszenz"  are
impossible on a PC. The machine itself doesn't feature that room for creativity,
it is too cold, to unreliable, on Windows 95 the system is too intransparent, on
DOS the system is too incompatible and unfriendly. 386 Assembler is anything but
comfortable and compatibility gets a real problem then.
The  Atari  with  the  friendly  680X0 assembler, the  easy to  control  toolbox
commands  and the relatively good exploited  hardware gives  the programmer 100%
control about ALL of the machines power - something Windows 95 will never allow.
Almost ALL the people still using Atari computers are creative. The scene in the
first place, as  everybody is  coding, painting or composing here. But  even the
regular "Atari user" scene  is creative, as  people build  hardware, write small
utility programs etc.
Something impossible on the PC as well.

Now it is almost 10 years ago that my love to Atari has begun. The Falcon is the
most wonderful  computer I have ever seen and even my STE  is still a  machine I
like.
When I switch on the Falcon and see it boot up in less than 5 seconds I can only
smile  about PCs - there is hardly anything a PC can do that the  Falcon can't -
in principal. Of course  the PC is superior when it comes to CPU power, but does
really everything depend on CPU power?
Creativity  seems not to, as  the Atari scene is the  most creative  I have ever
seen.
Finally, I am  a member of the scene I have been longing for. It is good that it
took me so long. I am not very good at anything and yet I had to find out that I
was  welcome at the scene. Tat and Evil started to teach me 68k ASM just because
I asked them, Deez and  The Viking agreed to form the  Lunatic Asylum, Mr.Future
joined without  even knowing me for very long. This would have never happened in
the PC scene - although I dare to say that there is none.

Because  when it  comes to  creativity, PC is dead and  all the other  machines,
Amiga, Atari, C64, Atari XL, are a  lot more  alive than  the PC. People  on the
Atari  are  friendly  and creative, they all  share their  wisdom and  try to do
something  for the  others. People on the PC  are usually  looking for  profit -
maximum profit.
Future Crew, the  BEST PC  democrew  ever  has  split  up  writing  presentation
software  for the  PC - I understand that, but  this can't  happen on  the Atari
(anymore). 
The PC is  a cold, unfriendly machine. It has so much power - too much power for
the  average  user, yet  most  of  its  power is  wasted  due  to an  absolutely
incompetent  OS (Windows 95) and the total uncreativity of its users. I have set
next to  three PC users on the InterJam, good god, they were the most uncreative
people  I have  ever seen. They played Quake  when the  network was  running and
watched  XXX Jpegs or  just stared  at their Win95 GUI  when the  network wasn't
working. They downloaded as many cracked games as possible over the net and just
gather as many programs as possible.
I admit that  there were people similar to that on the Atari as well, but I dare
to say that this was the minority.

So, this is where we are today. Atari, the place for creativity. I am willing to
share my part of creativity and it seems that the scene welcomes it.
So please expect me to stay a while.


Have a nice Christmas and a happy new year everyone.


The Paranoid signing off ....

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       - Paranoia (from the Lunatic Asylum) - Think you can handle it ? -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
