FREE P.D. SOCIETY

                     The Free P.D. & Shareware Society.
                     ----------------------------------


    Welcome to a completely new concept in public domain & shareware. Well
    actually it is'nt a new concept at all, but the old concept brought
    back to life by dedicated ST users. As everyone knows p.d. is supposed
    to be free right ! As you can see i did say supposed to be free, but
    there's always been some middle man asking for some pound coins for
    the p.d. that they have collected.

    Don't get me wrong in that last statement. I'm not trying to slag of
    commercial p.d. library's but there are problems with some of them. You
    see p.d. distribution is not governed at all and anyone who has a
    substancial amount of p.d. disk's can call themselves a p.d. library. This
    happens all the time and even as i speak now, new library's are born. The
    problem lies with how they then run there library's. The big ones put
    in a tremendous amount of effort in checking, cataloging, distributing
    and recieving new titles and as such have to charge high prices for there
    high service. But they operate these as businesses and as such have to
    make a profit to service.

    The smaller ones tend to jump on the money making band wagon and although
    they don't put as much effort into there library's as the big ones do,
    try to make the same kind of profit. Take a look at advertising if you
    would for a minute. The big library's charge an average of 2 to 3 pounds
    per disk. These disk's are mostly double sided and crammed with as many
    programs as they can fit onto them. These programs have been completely
    tested and the library owner can give vital information about the titles
    if the need arises. But the smaller library's charge between 1 to 2
    pounds per disk (often with only 1 or 2 title's on each) and most have'nt
    spent the time with the programs included to even know what they were
    supposed to do, let alone any decent information.

    The problem then arises about who you have dealings with. You can go
    to the big library's and get what you want but for a price, or you can
    go to the smaller library's and take a chance on what you get for less.
    Back bedroom library's are appearing everywhere these days and although
    there are some excellent back bedroom library's around, there are some
    terrible ones as well. It's all down to preferance and budget really, if
    you want a high service and have the money then the big guys are who you
    should be dealing with, if you have a tight budget and want to take a
    chance with a back bedroom service then approach them.

    But the problem has always mostly been with making a profit to survive.
    All commercial p.d. librarys have to make a living to cover advertisment
    costs and this leaves you the user with some cost to incure. There has
    always ever been just the big commercial librarys and the smaller back
    bedroom libraries. Until now that is.

    Now you have a third choice. The FREE PUBLIC DOMAIN & SHAREWARE SOCIETY.

    "Well what the hell is it then ?", i hear you ask. Well basically it's
    a collection of back bedroom libraries who offer a chance to get free
    p.d. for your collection. It's run by dedicated user's who realise that
    the only way for p.d. to survive is to distribute it in the manner it
    was meant to be - FREE. The difference between society back bedroom
    library's and there commercial counterparts is that because we expect no
    profit and do this because we enjoy it, we tend to be more commited as
    regards service and information.

    I started my library up about 4 months ago. I was approached by the
    editor of STUNN magazine who asked me to sort out some 180 p.d. disk's
    for him. He wanted them updated etc. and it took me around 2 weeks bloody
    hard work. He then asked if i fancied running a free p.d. library for
    all the STUNN user's. All they had to do was pay a once only 1 pound
    registration fee and then send appropiate amounts of blank disk's and
    postage to cover there order's. I agreed and STUNN DOMAIN was born.

    Things went o.k. for awhile and the p.d. list expanded and the user's
    of the library increased. Then the crunch came one day when a number
    of commercial library's started questioning STUNN advertising a free
    p.d. library. After all you can hardly blame them, they were stocking the
    mag in there library and written inside it was an article saying where
    you could get the same type of titles for free. Understandably STUNN had
    to drop STUNN DOMAIN to survive. The editor said i could have all the
    p.d. for all my hard work and so i decided to go it alone. INCOME P.D.
    was born.

    I operated as INCOME P.D. in exactly the same way as STUNN DOMAIN apart
    from the 1 pound registration fee. This was abolished and i decided to
    go completely free.

    I had dealing's with a very small commercial back bedroom library called
    ACE P.D. We were swapping software on a one for one basis and we became
    quite good friends. The owner told me one day that he did'nt have many
    customers using his service. I wrote back to him and asked if he had
    ever thought about going free. He spoke with his partner and they
    decided to give the idea a try.

    I wanted more however. I decided that two free p.d. library's was not
    enough and looked around for people who offered a similiar service.
    In the advertisements section of STENN i noticed with interest 3 other
    people offering similiar services. I phoned up OUTLAW P.D.S. and chatted
    for awhile with the owner. We talked about joining forces and getting
    people more aware of the things we were doing. He said that my idea's
    for a FREE P.D. SOCIETY seemed interesting and he decided to join.

    We now had 3 member's to a group that was still a good way from becoming
    established. I wrote to the other 2 people advertised in STENN and a
    few day's later recieved a phone call from the guy that ran NETWORK
    P.D.L. He had read my letter with interest and decided to learn more.
    Apparantly he had been running his library for quite a few months
    longer than me and had already built up a very good contact chain and
    reputation with all he had dealings with. We talked for awhile about
    how the society should be run and what our goals were. After several
    more such talks he too decided to join the society. At last we had
    something to work on.

    The 3rd guy wrote back to me and although was interested in all i had
    said was unfortunately leaving the ST for the PC (What's that). He did
    however inform all his contacts about my existance and what i had to
    offer.

    So the society had 4 member's all with the same goals. To provide free
    p.d. to anyone that wanted it. They each brought with them a host of
    usefull contacts and idea's of how the society should be run. A very
    small idea was turning slowly into reality.

    SO WHAT ARE OUR GOALS :- Exactly as i have already stated. To provide
    free p.d. and shareware to whowever wants it. We seek peacefull
    co-exsistance with commercial and back bedroom library's and do not
    intend to wage a war on such companys. We believe we can offer a good
    service and intend to be as committed to public domain as the many
    authors who actually write the programs. We also however intend to bridge
    a gap in the market place for a service that is long overdue.

    SO WHERE DOES THE SOCIETY GO FROM HERE :- Well we are at present trying
    to establish contacts with many demo crews and programmer's alike. We
    already have a very nice chain of such people but intend to expand
    this network slowly. The more people we get in contact with, the more
    new p.d. we can supply in our library's.

    We also intend to expand society member's to the rest of europe and
    beyond. We wish to establish a chain as far reaching as possible so
    that people can obtain free p.d. in whichever location they happen to
    live. We are in no way just a U.K. based organisation although most other
    european countries will find it expensive at the present time to use
    our services.

    HOW DO I USE YOUR SERVICE :- Well that's easy. You write to one of
    us (an address should be in this mag somewhere) and they will either
    deal with you direct or give you information on the other member's (you
    have the choice). Then you obtain our lists and see what we have to
    offer. When you have decided what you want, you write back with your
    order, enclosing enough disk's and return postage to enable us to deal
    with it. That's it, simple yes. We then copy the title's you want onto
    your disk's, use your stamps and send them back as soon as possible.

    There's no catch. Our services are totally free and we have loads to
    offer. We do ask that if you have any p.d. yourself then send it in
    on the disk's you send with your order for the benifit of others. That
    however is entirely your preferance, there's no commitment. We will
    then take off the title's you sent and copy what you want back onto
    your disk's in the normal manner.

    Well that's the complete history and low down on the society. It's up
    to you if you use our services or not. The choice is yours.


    WANTED
    ------

    If you run a similar service to ourselves and would be interested in
    joining then please get in contact with us for details. We especially
    need other European libraries to join up so we can expand our link.

    We also seek contacts with any demo crews or other programmer's. We
    can swap p.d. with yourselfs and distribute your creations to a wide
    circle of contacts and users. We aim to have the biggest contact chain
    of any such organisation and already have some major contacts.
    Again if you have'nt recieved a letter from a society member and are
    interested then get in touch.


                             DIZZY OF THE D.B.A.
