INTERFACE DESIGN

                       USER INTERFACE DESIGN
                       ---------------------
                   a story by Homeboy from the DDC


Now that Summer holidays are over I think it is appropriate to write 
an article about school. To be precise I will tell you something 
about the study I started previous year: Interaction Design.

Interaction Design is a 4 year vocational training at the Utrecht 
school of Arts in the Netherlands. The Utrecht school of Arts has a 
special faculty for Art and Technology which was founded about 5 
years ago. It already offered the studies Audio Visual Media, Image 
and Media Technology and Music Technology. It the year 1991 a new 
study was added to the faculty, it is called Interaction Design.

All fine and well but what is Interaction Design? I will try to 
explain: An Interaction Designer designs the communication between 
human and machine (that machine can be anything from washing-machine 
to video-recorder). The communication starts at the point where 
the human decides to use the machine for a certain purpose. The 
machine communicates with the user trough it's user-interface which 
consists of displays, text, graphics, knobs, switches, levers, lights 
and loudspeakers. The user communicates with the machine using his 
eyes, ears, mouth, hands, feet and his mind. Not only the machine and 
the human but also the environment where the interaction is taking 
place is important because it can be wet, noisy, stressful, dark, hot 
or cold and it can influence the communication. The Interaction 
Designer has to take care that the communication between human and 
machine in a certain environment works as smoothly as possible. When 
he did a good job the user can make full use of the machine without a 
lot of practise or reading large manuals.

            ~IMODEL.BL2~










"An Interaction Designer has to be a Jack of all trades and a Master 
in none" (Ray Lauzzana) and that's why, during these 4 years we get a 
little of a lot of different subjects. Next to mathematics, 
industrial design, graphics design, research, psychology, semiotics, 
computer graphics, design theory, programming and prototyping we also 
get subjects like art history, painting, drawing and sculpture.  The 
first 2 years you get about 30% theory and 70% practice. Theory means 
attending lectures and practice means working on small projects alone 
or in a group. The third year you will have to work for a company 
plus making a report and during the fourth and last year it is 
possible to specialize in Interface Design, Cognitive Psychology or 
Interface technology and you have to successfully complete a final 
project.
 
Interaction Design is growing in importance since machines are 
getting smaller and smaller and the amount of features they offer 
gets bigger and bigger. If you make something 10 times bigger or 10 
times smaller it becomes something different. A good example is the 
television; When TVs first appeared there was only one channel so it 
did not need any preset buttons. When there were about 10 channels 
the user could press a separate button for each channel. At this 
moment it is possible to receive about 100 different TV channels so 
we use a small keypad with the numbers 0 to 9 and a special button 
you have to press to get the channels 10 to 99. What will happen if, 
within another few years we are able to receive 1000 channels? Where 
is BBC1? Was it preset 672 or was it preset 928? Maybe it is better 
to choose a program by type, subject or origin because the average 
user can not remember 1000 presets without writing them down or 
something!

A good designed user-interface can even save lives especially in 
medical or military tools. If a surgeon during surgery reads the 
data from the heart function-monitor wrong because there is just too 
much information on the screen he can make a wrong decision or when 
a fighter-pilot, during a critical point in battle presses the wrong 
button he can activate his ejector seat instead of firing his gun. 
Or what will happen in an operator in a nuclear plant thinks that a 
green light means valve open when actually a red light means that the 
valve is open? All examples of how important it is to use a well 
designed user-interface but even in everyday consumer product like a 
VCR, a microwave oven or computer software a good user-interface can 
make live easier and in the end make sales increase.

Here are some of the basic principles of user-interface design?

USER CONCEPTUAL MODEL:
Every human makes mental models of the world around him. When he 
experiences something new, he will try to match it with the mental 
models he made earlier. It is important that a user can understand 
what is going on during the interaction. The mental model of a user 
can depend on place, culture or time. In some parts of the world black 
is the colour of death and sadness when in other parts black is the 
colour of live and happiness. 

METAPHOR:
To help the user understand what things are and how they will work it 
is good to use a metaphor. For example the TRASHCAN metaphor in the 
Atari desktop; the user knows that a trashcan in the real world is 
used to throw things away if you no longer need them so the same thing 
might happen if you drag a file to the desktop TRASHCAN. (the Apple 
TRASHCAN metaphor is better than the Atari equivalent because it is 
possible to get things out of the TRASHCAN or empty the TRASHCAN just 
as if it was the real thing!)

FEEDBACK:
The user always wants to know what is happening or what will happen. 
Would you enjoy it if, after accidentally selecting the FORMAT 
option, your computer started formatting right away without asking if 
this was the right thing to do? Anyway, during formatting it is also 
nice to know how many tracks are left to format! The mousepointer is 
also a good example, when the computer is busy it shows a bee, when 
it is waiting for input is shows a pointer etc. etc.

NAVIGATION:
Not only does the user want to know what is going on but he also wants 
to know where he is. Especially in complex programs like DTP software 
you get lost very quickly. Always inform the user in which part of 
the program he is working at the moment and how to go to another part 
or go to the beginning. (Calamus is great at this point)

CHUNK AND LAYER:
A human can only process a certain amount of information at once so 
the information has to be organized in small and meaningful chunks. 
Layer the chunks across space or time to reduce and control the 
amount of information that is exposed to the user. A good example is 
a new remote controlunit by Sony which has 2 sides, one for the basic 
functions (presents and volume) and the other for the more rare 
functions (colour adjustment and programming) 

MOTIVATE:
Always try to motivate the user to use the machine and discover new 
things. A motivated user stays alert and makes less mistakes! Games 
are a good example, the user wants to reach that highscore of 820954 
or complete level 23 because he wants to know what is coming up next.

This list of principles is not complete because a lot of research 
still has to be done. However one thing has to be kept in mind at any 
time, machines were created to make live of us humans easier or help 
us to do things that we impossibly could do all by ourselves (think 
of the pocket calculator) so we always should adapt the machine to 
the user and not the user to the machine (think of MS-DOS)

Information about the study Interaction Design:
Hogeschool voor de Kunsten Utrecht
faculteit Kunst, Media en Technologie
035-836464 (ask for Dick Rijken of the Development group)


C.ya'll Homeboy, 28/08/92


