ST-SCENE BY ZERDEX


             ST-SCENE YESTERDAY,TODAY AND TOMORROW
                      (as I have seen it)
            Written 1.9.1992 By Zerdex Of Condemned

ST...STF...STFM...TT...STE...FALCON..???...What is this all about?
The most common question nowadays is what is happening to the SCENE
around the ST. Many people have written about this subject and I did
so too because as an old ST owner I have seen lot of things changing
from the beginning to this day. In this year 1992 something really
big is happening in the ATARI history as they have releasing finally
their new computer called FALCON. The cababilities of this new
machine sounds too good for 'normal' computer users but because ATARI
can keep the price so low it will be the reality, or should be..,
         It was year 1986-87 when I first time read about the ATARI
computer from the MIKRO-BITTI (a finninsh computer magazine). I had
used my first computer already about five years and when I heard
rumours about the amiga and one of my friend bought one it was clear
I had to get a new computer instead of my C-64 which was becoming so
old when comparing the new 16-bit machines. After a friend of mine
had bought the amiga in year 87 another friend of mine bought an ST.
ST was quite a lot cheaper than AMIGA so after all I decided to buy
an ST althought I first thought I would buy an AMIGA. It was really
the price between these machines which was the reason to my choise.
         I had seen what these both machines could be capable to so
it was really hard to imagine which machine would be really better
in the future. 
         I had seen the hard challenge between C-64 and SINCLAIR
48 SPECTRUM so it was not easy to predict what would be the result
between these two powerful 16-bit devils.
         In the beginning of my 'ST-CAREER' I just played and swapped
games like I made on C-64. I was really one of the first ST guys in
finland because it was really hard to get new contacts to others just
because there were so few of them. I knew just one guy in the first
months after I had bought ST and it was really amazing because I had
had over twenty C-64 contacts in FINLAND and got all the latest games
very soon always after releasing so it really made me think was this
really the right choise to buy an ST???
         Well,after the miserable beginning everything changed. More
people started to get hold on ST and I got almost ten contacts inside
the Finland. One year after I had bought ST my swapping career was
dramatically changed. Contacts to foreigners started... It was really
hard to get beginning in this area too (believe me) because the 
number of addresses were limited. Everybody seemed to keep their addy
in secret. Also only few of the guys whose I wrote replayed back. It
is so different situation today. Everybody writes their addresses to
every fucking place they can and wants to get new contacts and became
this fast way popular. This is the thing what really stinks on ST-
SCENE today and it really fucks me up.
         While I got new games I accidently got something interesting
called demos. First I saw were somehting nice Animation demos like:
LAMPS DEMO but then the first real interesting bit was CAREBEARS JUNK
DEMO. It was really something so nice to look that I just started to
wait more and more new demos to get hold on that soon my interest to
play games was in the same grade as to look demos. During the year
1988 & 89 I received new demos, not as much as I was expected to
get but one spirit were along all those old classic productions...
BIG,POWER,UNION,SWEDISH NEW YEAR,DEFINITIVE,CUDDLY,OMEGA,PHALANX
TNT + few other demos were really worth to look at because all these
included something new and revolutionary techniques never expected to
see on ST. Everybody tried to be original and they really managed to
do always something new. Someone might think it was easy to do such
things because anyone had not made hardly anything before so all
what you just managed to do were new but I think it was not easy to
invent all those huge amount of effects seen on those demos. Is it
amazing that just a few of ST-users can these days create original
ideas. Everybody is copying ideas by others, expecially from the
AMIGA. Very strange indeed,isn't it??? Is the ST-SCENE full of lamers
or what. Of course nowadays we have seen some of new amazing products
but these are all very easily countable by fingers.That's odd isn't
because there are fifty times more people using ST these days or it
was just my randon number,maybe the amount is much bigger.Also all
the tools like assemblers are better and information between groups
changes fast as lightning.
         In year 1990 when STE was launched I immediately changed my
old 1/2megSTFM to it. STE was supposed to be AMIGA killer but it was
not. Althought STE spreaded much game firms didn't started to make
games which would work on STE only. It was really disappointment and
even today I do not know any game which would specially made for STE.
I think that if someone would make today a game to STE, it would sell
very well because many STE owners are desperately waiting for STE 
ONLY games. So it is really strange if nobody do not try to do one.
         When I had bought STE the ST-SCENE was going really well.Lot
of new groups were born and everyone had a dream to make a demo.Many
people managed to do one and the result was usually quite good. The
hackers were also well known and the Compact Disk time was born. Some
years before STE was released and after it everybody knew what they
really want to do. If someone decided to do something eg.demos,CD's,
swap stuff or whatever he really did so. All the stuff someone
managed to do was usually interesting and there were just a few crap
stuff in the SCENE. The time how much you spent making something was
not so important instead the RESULT was the most important thing.
Unfortunately today it is mostly vice versa. Lot of people waste
their time doing something which nobody is interested. Good examples
are all kind of CD's. Some of them are OK but most 99% are crap. It
is amazing that many new groups starts to do CD's althought if they
would use their time learning to code and then doing own demos, the
result would be ten times better and interesting. All the time
they spend doing their CD's is wasted to swap stuff and they have
no time to do even good own intros for their CD's althought they
normally could be capable to do so. How many good demos we would
have seen if everybody were spent their time doing demos instead
those fucking CD's??? Just think about it!!!
         Here comes some facts about the intro compilation makers to
prove how stupid they really are...
WHAT THE SENCE IS INCLUDING ANOTHER INTRO COMPILATION MAKERS OWN
INTROS TO YOUR OWN INTRO COMPILATION DISK???
         I really cannot understand this. It sounds so grazy and all
the time they are doing this. This is really lame,lame...
         And if you are making intro compils what the hell utilities
are suddenly doing on your disk???
         Also many of these compil makers include demos to their CD's
and their do this so that you must to select screens from their own
intro. They destroy the loaders from the original demo. I just saw
one demo which was made to run in AUTO folder. All the screens were
normally loaded separately after each other from that AUTO folder. I
don't want to write names so let's call him as 'X' intro compil 
maker. 'X' took off all the files from AUTO folder and made them to
run from his own intro and always when you wanted to run new demo
screen you had to load 'X' intro compil intro again. The original
demo took disk space almost one double sided disk so 'X' compil maker
managed to add some tracks to the disk so he could include his crap
intro with the demo and so he had made it. **'X' compilation disk** 
NUMBER 14323. No sence doing this kind of action,is there???
Also another way to do compil is to hack all the demos from the
sectors and do files of them and the same problem occurs as in the 
first example. I have nothing against the alternative menus which are
made if the original demomenu is a game and there is no change to 
alternative menu. It is sometimes good to do submenus if it makes
everything faster but normally they make everything slower.
         This article meaning is NOT to fuck ALL the compil makers.
I mean PD stuff only. Game CD's are different thing.
I have also good experiments from the various compilations. I have
many very good CD's where two or more different demos are put into
one disk and this way I have saved disks. The demos run exactly in
the same way as original one after choising one of them and this way
everything is all right. Also I have received some good compils with
intros, modules, utilities and so on. This means that there is
something positive in compils too. I have noticed that if someone
makes an good compil it will spread very well. Unfortunately most of
the compils includes crap stuff but how you can guess what there is
unless you see it yourself. This is why it is interesting to get new
compil but I personally have been disappointment so many times about
the stuff the compils have included so I have lost my hope to get new
ones. I think the persons who make compils notice that OH HOW CRAP
COMPIL THIS IS AGAIN but they will release it because they have got
one disk full of stuff so they have something stuff to send to
their contacts where the name 'X' and his address is again possible
to see and this makes 'X' thinking about himself that he is becoming
famous when he will release once again brand new product.
         To solve this problem will be easy. Just it is all up to you
compilation makers what kind of stuff we will see on future. Solution
to this problem is very simple and if you do not already know easiest
way I can tell you some of my ideas---:
       1: Just release a compil when you are sure it will be worth to.
It does not matter if the stuff in your disk is not latest. All the
good stuff is worth to wait for. Who wants to get hold of new stuff
if it is all crap or if there is just one good to pick up from the 
disk nobody do not want to copy your whole compil.
       2: Compil people should join together as demo groups are done
and this way avoid to collect same stuff than others to their disks.
       3: If you think you have made crap compil do not release it.
Nobody wants to get it if you yourself think it is bad.
       4: Be sure what you are doing. Don't mix all kind of stuff to
the same disk to avoid pick-up-phenemenon.
       5: If you think you are not capable of doing CD's give up to
whole thing and try to do something what you can do. Everybody can
do something better than others!!!
       That's all. If you follow those rules everything should turn
back to normal and ST-SCENE will rise again.

       In the end some words about the ATARI's new machine FALCON in
my view how I see it.
       ST is not going to die when FALCON is going to come on market.
I cannot understand how someone can say so. If even C-64 is alive
today somehow (i do not know how but it is true) so how ST could
suddenly die out. ST-SCENE is also rising soon. I think. Many good
groups have left the ST but new ones have came instead. As long as
new games are made for ST THE SCENE will be alive and there is no
sign the game market would be reaching the end. Even standard ST is
going very well. We noticed it because STE does not conquer game
markets althought it should. Game companies will certainly do ONLY
FOR FALCON games but they will not stop doing standard ST games.
Because FALCON is very well compatible or at least should be to
normal ST hardware as well as STE many games will work on all
machines, FALCON owners only will get little better version of it if
its capabilities are used,STE owners will get little better version
than STANDARD ST owners...Sounds really grazy but I think it's not
wonder if this will be the true. We have seen what happened to STE.
There were so many STANDARD ST owners that it was not enough market
for STE only games in the beginning. Falcon is in the same situation
when it will be released. Also many people might remember how long it
took to get off using single sided disks from the game companies...
         It is very clear AMIGA has already beaten ST because it has
better hardware but still ST is going very strong in its own league.
         STE ONLY scene is maybe rising too because same stuff made
for STE should work on FALCON too. It is possible to use e.g.STE's
hardware scrolling on FALCON. This causes there might be games FOR
STE AND FALCON ONLY. Well this is getting too grazy so time to stop
soon and let the time show us what will happen to these great machine
by ATARI. All the best I hope. PC is getting stronger and stronger 
all the time but hey...that's another story...


  YOURS...
         ZERDEX OF CONDEMNED



