
                          LIFE ISN'T EASY IN GERMANY

                          the way it was
                          it used to be
                          well it had to change
                          as we all could see
                          we're twice as big
                          and yet so small
                          now we have to share
                          here in germany

                          when skins woke up
                          as lenin broke down
                          driving fast
                          through united towns
                          clubs being closed
                          and fights ahead
                          now we have to share
                          so the chansellor said
                          life isn't easy in germany

                          such boring days
                          for kids in the east
                          where should they stay
                          how to be pleased
                          the freedom of speech
                          playing democracy
                          bo ey, life isn't easy in germany
                          life isn't easy in germany
                          can't you see, that life isn't...


                                         taken from the album "SPOT" by AND ONE

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         IS THERE ANYBODY OUT THERE?!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hum, hello again, friends, folks, freaks and so one!

Today I want to write about a big problem: the dying of the german Atari-scene!
You all know that we (the germans) have ruled the Atari-scene for many years in
the past. The german scene was one of the biggest in Europe and only comparable
with the french or the very old british scene. But the beginning of the end was
the appearance of the Falcon. The  german scene splits up as all the others and
the ST-scene  was dying  very fast. Today there isn't a complete ST-scene left.
But the german Falcon-freaks matched it to rule again, tons of great prods were
released, but only up to 1995... Since this time all things slowed down.
The main  reason is that besides the  almighty INDEPENDENT there  wasn't enough
place  for real  independent  groups and  guys. Only  some  of these  guys have
survived this years, the most have  given up their work, because  it was nearly
impossible to go out with a production which could compete with the INDY-stuff.
But today, as the INDY is working mainly on the PC we have the receipt. Because
the INDY !was! the german scene, with their change  to another system the whole
scene is gone.
Ok, there are some survivors left from the old days, like .tSCc., Stax and also
ourselves  and there are some  little new coding-teams  appeared (Escape, Cruor
and Therapy), but  it isn't comparable with  the old days. We're standing short
before the fall into the insignification.
Another point to  mention is, that the  surviving teams also have problems. You
know about the  crisis of .tnb., the problems in THERAPY, and the PC-madness in
.tSCc.?!
And for me it isn't enough to see some occasionally releases from the old INDY-
guys, because some of  them still own a Falcon  and promising  the one or other
little release. But because of  this no one  in the world knows  about the real
problems of  the german scene! To say it right: there  are about 20 REAL active
guys left  and hundreds of  zombies and sleeping people! But these  people were
counted as  scene-members even  if they  have released and  done something many
years ago... they're uninteresting for us today if they're laying back on their
old laurels and will not do anything.
I don't know how long we will go on  and I have a bad  feeling, because it will
suck like hell to be the only survivor in a  whole country. And even if we, the
last ones, would contract our  little powers we had no  chance, because we need
different bands to give some colours to the darkened Atari-World in this land.
Eventually I'm too negative  today, but even if I have some problems I will try
to survive. My Falcon and my ST are damaged and I've no money to fix this. So I
wanted to stop  my work at first, but then, as I've heard  about the disturbing
INTERJAM, I've thought  that it would not the  right thing. So I've grabbed the
loosy PC and  started to go on, at least  in this way, to  write some stuff for
the scene, to show that I'm still here.
I've thought about the letters of  my contacts and some guys  have written that
my stop in the scene would damage the german scene for sure. And they're right!
The UCM is the  last regular life-sign  from Germany, since the output on demos
and compacts  is shrinked  nearly to  zero. And even if  I must write everytime
that another guy  has left the  german scene so is the UCM the only way to show
to all the guys out there that there are still some people  left, not many, but
there are some guys with their Atari's in this country, somewhere in little and
dark corners. They're fighting an unequal fight against the forgettening.
And it isn't easy for me to go on. At first I  wanted to leave also .tnb. becoz
I haven't heard something from  the others for long times  and when then it was
only disturbing stuff about stopping and laming around. Up to the last weekend.
Drizzt told me  that he  wanted to  write an  intro for the  UCM 10 and so I've
changed my mind. I think I should try to bring the old .tnb. crew back to life,
in any  kind and in any way. It would not the  best thing to kick all the stuff
into the corner and to let the others alone.
And so I ask you, yes you! Is it time to stop?! Is it right to let those little
fanatics alone?! Were the times you had worked  more for the scene not good for
you?! Are these memories not worth anything for you?! Move your fucking ass and
help us to bring the german scene  back to life! This goes also  to the guys of
the INDY! Please digg out your old machines and start to do something for us!
Everytime you're saying that  PC's are shit and it  doesn't make fun to produce
something on it! So  just get your  ST or Falcon and  have fun  while releasing
some nice stuff! I will not beg for your reincarnation, no way! But I want that
you're working for  the scene you want to be  a part from! Don't you think it's
some kind of  lame to go to the  very seldom Atari-parties only to meet the old
friends?! If they're really your friends you  should do something for them, not
only  talking about times  which were gone many years  ago! If not you will not
find the possibility to meet them in the  future because we're  a dying species
and I don't know if there will be a german Atari-Party again...

So a little message for all those survivors in  this country: GET IN TOUCH with
us and tell  us something about your state  and current  projects! It can force
the others to know that they aren't alone and it is worth to go on!

-------------------------------------------------- Moondog / »poets of decay» -

