ннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннн
нннннннннннннннннннннннннннннн  I AM THE FLAME  ннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннн
нннннннннннннннннннн  THAT BURNS IN EVERY HEART OF MAN  ннннннннннннннннннннннн
ннннннннннннннннннннн  AND IN THE CORE OF EVERY STAR  ннннннннннннннннннннннннн
нннннннннннннннннннннн  I AM LIFE AND GIVER OF LIVE  нннннннннннннннннннннннннн
ннннннннннннннннннн  YET THEREFORE THE KNOWLEDGE OF ME  ннннннннннннннннннннннн
ннннннннннннннннннннннн  IS THE KNOWLEDGE OF DEATH  ннннннннннннннннннннннннннн
нннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннЛ silke bischoff Лнн
ннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннннн

                             .e.d.i.t.o.r.i.a.l.

Heyho and welcome to another issue of the UCM...

I'm (Moondog) just  sitting in  front of a stupid PC to type in these few lines
for you  and I'm a bit  tired. Yesterday it finally  happens: my Falcon reached
his end... and so I  must take this loosy computer to go on. Perhaps there will
be now a fucking stupid belgian guy around who will call me a traitor because I
don't use Atari-hardware  anymore for my scene-activities... all bullshit in my
eyes and it seems  as some aliens have sucked the brain (does he ever had one?)
out of  Faramir's head.... Yes, you're right. I'm  still an Atarian, but for an
indefinite  time without such  hardware. But instead  of stopping all  work for
this hard time I'm taking a machine of the dark side to go on... it's better as
to slow down all activities to zero... at least this is my opinion!
At this point  a big hi to all those guys who're using PC to support the little
Atari-scene, esp. Phoenix of  Vex  and  Mike of Stax / Running Design. I  don't
have any problem with this kind of work...
But because of this problem  this issue will not reach the others with the mass
of articles. I don't  had the possibility to write much  stuff. Please remember
that  nearly all software-reviews  were written  by me and now I  can't do this
anymore and  so some parts in  this mag are a bit small. But I hope you like it
anyway.
Some of you have  surely heard of my plans  to stop my scene-work... I will not
loose any words about  this problem, because I'm  still here and these thoughts
are history now... Only one  thing: you have to thank the following guys, which
have forced and helped me to go on...
MC Laser & mOd / .tSCc. - Grey / The Mystic Bytes - Ear_X / Fun - Phoenix / Vex
ST Survivor / NLC - Senser & The Beast / Typhoon - Jace / ST Knights ...
Thanx a lot guys!
Without those  guys the UCM would be  dead today because I don't have found any
guy who had taken over the job of the main editor...
Another point to go  on is the dead of the whole german scene. If we would stop
the UCM in a few months no one would loose a word about the few german Atarians
anymore and no one would think that there are still some survivors out there.
The UCM is  the last regular  lifesign from Germany  and the last  parts of the
german scene would suffer under the stop of the UCM...
I will not talk  much about the whole stuff, but I hope this issue will see the
light before end of December. We're  delayed again and we hope you're not angry
about this... better late than never...

------------------------------------------- yours... Moondog / poets of decay -

