-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          -~- ORNETA PARTY'97 report -~-                     
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Heyho Guyz! Yep, it  was the 5th year  of this  classic Atari  party in Poland.
Unfortunately  only a few people  from outside Poland came (eg guyz from Slovak
team called  Satantronic) so I  decided to write a little about this kewl party
and show you what you missed! OK, let's begin!


* Two days before the party... *

Because I  was a co-organizer  of the  Orneta party  I decided to  come there a
little earlier  and help the guys in the organization (what a lovely boy I am!)
Before a travel I bought some very important things, such as paper to... 
Erm... just toilet paper .)) It might seem a bit strange, but last year I could
not find this "stuff" at the party place! :() 

I decided to come  to the city of  Orneta by  bus this  time, but after  a very
"comfortable" journey I don't think it was a good idea... 

OK, I ended up  at the bus station  in Orneta city! Yeah! I bought something to 
drink (only  a cold  Coca Cola...) and  I  started  to  search  for  the  party
building. It's  so funny, but I had been at  this building  twice before, and I
still had  trouble finding  it this time! I asked a nice woman for  directions,
and I  finally found  it! My heart  started  to beat a  little faster as I went
towards the  doors. Damn it! The  doors were closed! What's up? I went to check 
the  other  doors  - closed! Damn! Maybe  I came  too  early? But  wait! I hear 
something! Yeah! It's the music from the Flip O demo! Great! I went towards the
doors  from where I heard  the  music, and they were open! There were already a
few cool ppl and  they welcomed me very loudly! (I have had even a little dance
with MacGyver from Cobra Team!). As well as MacGyver there were: Winio, Mayonez
and Eros  from Cobra Team, Spiryt / Elysium (pC), Krazio / IND (pC), Cannibal /
IND (XL/XE) and a few other cool pals!
MacGyver showed me the first Cobra's intro for Falcon and to tell you the truth
I was very surprised! The main coder of this intro called  Mayonez is  an 8-bit
Atari  coder. He got a  Falcon from  Winio for  only 5 (!!!) days and he did an
intro  with  the  following  effects like  bumpmapping, zoom  rotator, textured
tunnel  and another  tunnel, but this  time with a zoom-rotating texture! Could
you believe this?! An XL/XE coder! :()

After this  we had a long  chat about  Atari scene, and we then started to look
for  a good shop  in Orneta  city with  cheap beer :)) We  found someone and we 
bought a few bottles of this gold  drink! Unfortunately  a few people drunk too 
much  and later  that day a chair was  destroyed by a happy Krazio :)) It was a 
sign that the party spirit was finally arriving! .))

Sorry, but I don't remember what happened after that... (too many beers...). 

One day  before the  party, it looked  as though  it was going to  be boring as
hell- we had trouble filling the tables, because not many had come along.
Luckily things changed later  in the afternoon  when the  guys from  Confusions
(ST) came: Sqward, Raster, Vulgar and  Martin. I didn't  see  where Martin  and
Eros  went to, but after a few hours they came back drunk as hell! Martin could
not  say anything  and he  probably didn't  know  where  he was! I and MacGyver 
decided  to help our  drunk mate, so we  carried him to the toilet. We left him 
there  and came back to  the main hall. We  were worried  about  how Martin was 
getting on, but when we heard loud screams from the toilet we were sure that he
was still alive :)) 

Eros was drunk too, but he still had  enough energy left to find the toilet :).
He stood there  for hours and finally  generated a nice yellow "fractal" on his
T-shirt :>

* ...first official day of Orneta party *
  
People started  coming in  droves. In the morning  there were  already about 90
ppl. A few  groups were  finishing  their work  for the  competitions. MacGyver
showed  the guys from  Excellent team (XL/XE) Avena's Sonolumineszenz demo, and
they were  really impressed! Some time later I ran this demo again and two guys
from this crew (Wodz and somebody else...) started jumping in the rhythm of the
music! Yeah! We had a little rave party! :))

About 12 o'clock  Van Eijk (The main  organizer) said "hello" to  all people at 
the party and a few words about sponsors. 

Sqward of Confusions  was busy  finishing his Amok demo for ST, because he knew
that the main prize in the ST demo competition was a Falcon :)) 

* ...second day *

In the main hall a  nice big screen  was set up and  a presentation  of various
demos  began. Firstly  there  were  a  few  demos  from  the  Falcon, such  as:    
Sonolumineszenz, Entracte, Eko System, Enrage, Lost Blubb, Terrorise Your Soul,
Sili  con  carne,  Obnoxious,  Eggstasy  and (as  Van  Eijk  announced  on  his
microphone) the best Falcon demo of all- Air Dirt :)) People were esp. laughing
when a cool Punk drawing started singing :)).
Then it was  time for  ST demos: Flip O, Tyranny, Drooling intro, Brain Damage,
Grotesque, the  intro  from  Maggie 21 (!!!) and  a  funny demo  by  Synergy or
Syndicate...
After that, it was time for XL/XE demos...

During this presentation  Winio of Cobra kept everyone informed  about the year
of each demo, and various other information, and I must say that he did it very
well! :)    
   
The second day was  also time for the competitions, which took place later than
planned (as usual...). Before  the competitions I showed Winio and Van Eijk the
4ktros for  the competition  which got  sent  to me  via e-mail. The  guys were
stunned  at the standard  of the  intros, and I  heard many words spoken whilst
watching those intros, long the lines of: wow! It's fuckin' cool! etc. Van Eijk
even said that he will stop his coding on the Falcon... :)
He was a broken man...   

First competitions were for XL/XE machines. The msx compo  unfortunately wasn't
as good as I hoped for :(( It was a better situation with gfx competition. Some
of the  graphix looked even  better than ST gfx! They generally were of quite a
high resolution and contained many colours (using interlace mode).
After it was the long awaited demo competition  and this time I  was completely
surprised! There were 9 (!!!) fantastic demos  for this  machine (one  demo was
presented after the competition) and  a 4 intros!!! The  standard of  the demos
was _AMAZING!_ Brainblasting stuff!!! In 4 demos I saw great bumpmappings, fast
texture mapping and much more!!!
          
After the  competitions for  XL/XE, it was time for the ST. The msx competition
was  a  little  better than  for  8-bit  machines, but  there  wasn't  anything
special... The graphix  were quite  ok this  time, but there  were  a few which
weren't even okay... 
There were only two intros and one demo (not too much, but it's a better result
than last year!). The  one intro was  made by a coder called Yoyo. There were a
few nice objects with gouraud shading. The second intro done by Rasero Team was
only a fake and it works only on hi-res monitors! 

The best  thing in  the ST competition  was the  Amok demo by Confusions. There 
were effects  never seen before on the  ST machines such as a cube with plasmas 
on the  walls, with a zoom-rotating  plasma in the background. When this effect 
appeared the guyz of Confusions got a round of applause.

After a 5 minute break, it was the Falcon competitions!

There were some 4 nice multi-channel  modules. Nothing  stunning, but  nice for
the  ears! After  this,  the GFX competition  and I was really surprised! There
were about  17 pics! Wow! It's more  than I  hoped for! :)) The  level of those
pics was really varied, but the general level was ok. 

And now was time for... 4ktros! Yeah!                
 
The first  intro to appear  on the screen  was a Wildfire's contribution with a
julia  fractals  and dot circles. At  the end it got some applauses and finally
404 points. 
       
Second intro was a contribution from New Beat Development. This  intro caused a
"little" chaos  in the  main hall  when a first  effect appeared. It was a blue
tunnel which looked like a Wolfenstein effect. We heard a big applause and many
screams  like "Wow!!!" or "WOoooahhh!!". The  second  effect  was  a  fantastic
colourful  zoom-rotator which kicked many asses (me too!) and got many applause
too! Final result of voting was 673 points. 

The third and  last  intro was a  contribution from  Dead Hackers Society. This
intro was  bigger than NBD's intro, because  included 5 (!!!) effects. When the
first zoom-rotator effect appeared there was not much reaction, but when a fast
bump mapping effect appeared on the screen the whole hall sprang back into life
and gave a big  round of applause. During  the showing  of this  intro Van Eijk
said about 4 times by the microphone that it's only a 4kb thing :) 
Final result was 756 points. 

When we heard all that applause we were really proud to be Falcon users! 

While, I'm  here, I want  to send a big "THANK YOU" to the following people who
gave their support to the Orneta party:

- Deez/Wildfire
- Evil/Dead Hackers Society
- Thomas/New Beat Development

Thanx guys! I wish you all the best for your future projects!
               
After the 4ktro competitions it was time for the 128kb intros...

There  were a 3  works  done  by the  following  groups: Cobra, Pandemonium and
Klamot Design. The intro of Cobra was really fantastic! I've  already mentioned
the effects earlier in this article. This intro won the competition! 
(Congratulations guyz! Keep coding!). The  second intro was done by Pandemonium 
and had a lot of 3d stuff. The final result was 2nd place. A 3rd and last intro
was a contribution from Klamot Design. It was only a fake, but quite well done!
Esp. the second picture where... never mind. See it for yourself!

The last  thing in the  Falcon  competitions was a new Shadows demo called "Any
colour you like". It's the second demo  from us this  year and I  think it's an
excellent result! This time you will  find many  tunnels and  some new  effects
never seen before! It's worth a look! <GRIN>

After all competitions a lot of people went back to the sleeping rooms.
However, I and my  friend called  Winio were in  a fantastic  mood and  we were
laughing for the whole night! It was fantastic time...

* ... The third and final day * 

This day  was a  time for  results. The  XL/XE  demo  competition  was  won  by
Excellent team (they got an ST). In the ST  demo competition  Sqward/Confusions
won  his dreamed-of  Falcon, and  he has  already  told us that he will release
something really brainblasting on the Falcon! We will see :))

In the 4ktro  competition Dead Hackers Society won the 1st place and they won a
SIMMboard for Falcon. They got again a round of applause and the main organizer
said: Thanx for the applause! Unfortunately the guys from Sweden couldn't come,
but I am sure that they heard the applause anyway! :))

After this, people back to their computers, and started to copy a whole load of
stuff from the Orneta party. 

When I went  back to the  sleeping room  I saw something strange. Maskotka from 
Confusions was  sleeping on  the floor, and  some guy was taking photographs of
him. You  might say: whats  strange about  this? Well, have you ever seen a guy 
with a burning ass? Because I have! :)

So, finally, I want  to report that the 5th edition of the Orneta party was the
best ever  and it  was worth attending. About  200 ppl came (More  than we even
hoped  for! Did you  heard about  the floods in Poland?), many Atari intros and
demos were released... We only hope that next year we will see more people from
other countries! 

---------------------------------------------------------------- Grey/Shadows -
 
p.s. Special grtx to _<Genie!>/PB_ for bug checking this article :))
    
