first of all: This  article is an  old one, which was wrote esp. for the SCREAM
mag, which unfortunately didn't see the light of day :(( Anyway I think it's
a great piece of text, so I hope you will enjoy this party-report, even if it's
a year old...
                                                Signed off,

                                                           Grey/Mystic Bytes

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                Place to be 4

                             report by DATA/TRIO

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Dates : 22-26 August 1996
        In : Mont de Marsan , France


        - First day : Thursday

        Well, we arrive around 11:00 at this party. 100 people are awaited
for this party. The beginning looks good: friendly people, various machines
(Falcon, Amiga, PC and even Macs) and so on. There is only about 20 people
for the moment (12:30) so we have room for moving and people can install
themselves anywhere they want.
        13:40 - There are big screens that displays demos on Amiga and
Falcon. On the Falcon we can see Eko System and Lost Blubb for example. I am
still working on my demo, that I hope I will be able to show for the
competition. There are as many Ataris and Amigas than PCs. But PC were
nearly everywhere.
        15:55 - The big room used for the party is almost full, but there
are still some free places for new people to arrive. An interesting thing
to talk about: the Jaguar¿ server for Falcon 030¿. What's that ? Well, it is
a cable and a small electronic card to connect a Jaguar to the F030's
cartridge port. And with this feature you can send commands to the Jag and
then you receive the result. Calculations are much more faster with the Jag
than with the F030. There is another use of this tool: you can rip datas
from the Jag cartridges (GFX, sounds, and so on). You can have infos for this
on the Internet. Around 400DM for the least expensive kit.
        17:55 - Well, I get back to work after having surfed on the Internet:
We have a PC Win 95, Modem 28.8Kbds in free use: good idea ! I already
decided to see what's new on the French Atari FTP server : ftp.cnam.fr .
There are many demos from the NAS96, too big to download fastly on this slow
machine. I manage to get BadMood 2.14, some AVI/QT DSP players for Falcon,
and some utilities for Mint.
        21:00 - Now, I get in touch with some Falcon users, some of them
have Centurbos cards, and for the Falcon demo Compo, there is 2 Centurbos to
win. I decide to work harder on the effects of my demo. There are many
people all over there now, the ambiance is cool. There's a Saturn to play
with. I think I will upload my new version of DOOM (v0.48) providing
collision-test with walls, it will be available on the ftp.cnam.fr as usual.


        - Second day: Friday

        00:00 - I had modified my Interpolated Texture Mapping and it was no
longer working: very bad ! So I had to rewrote a part of it. There's still
problem with it working. The solution is surely simple, but DSP code is
sometime hard to debug. Many people are going to sleep now. There will be
fewer persons remaining in some hours.
        03:00 - Well my ITM effect is getting better but it is still buggy.
What a shame ! Many people are gone to sleep so the room is half empty now.
I must try to get the ITM effect running as soon as possible. I have down-
loaded all the NAS'96 intros on my Falcon. Well, quality seems not to be
important on Atari, as oppose to the Amiga where demos are always cool to
look at.
        07:45 - I drink a coffee as the day rises. All the noise in the party
is covered by high-volume modules. I swapped my TV for a VGA monitor as a PC
is not used nearby. The Internet access is a big success: there is always
someone using it: getting programs for his machine or reading infos on the
Net is cool, despite the slowness (max 2.2Kb/s (at night!)). I am going to
convert my effects already done to work correctly on VGA (not fast I mean).
        10:00 - I am now with friends watching to MOV and AVI on my Falcon,
with the player I found on the Internet. Sound is supported and some usual
pictures compression formats too. It is a good player done by a person who
asked Dieter Fiebelkorn his AVI player's sources and has rewritten it in
pure assembly!
        12:00 - My friend's PC has gone mad: the hard disk crashes and we
had to reinstall Bill95. (See you 3 hours later...) I got some new softs
again: the Virtual Gameboy Emulator sources. I would like to rewrite it
in assembly for Falcon, and if it is fast enough, it would be playable on
a ST. I have not code for a while.
        15:00 - The last aslept people are awaken now, and now the room is
as full as the previous day. And now Bill95 is back on my friend's hard disk.
Well, my ITM effect still does not work as I expect, and I wonder if I can
put it in the demo.
        17:00 - And now for everybody, the floppy disk-throwing compo. Nullos
from Scarface won the 1st prize : a bunch of damaged floppies. The previous
record was 57m, now it is 65m !
        19:00 - Now the room is really fill of people: new people arriving
must search for places hardly, but there are still chairs and tables for
peoples and machines. The Sensible Soccer compo starts by now. Now there
are Saturn¿ and PlayStation¿ for entertainment. I saw a demo from TBL on
Amiga which is really good but it requires 5Megs of RAM to work. The effects
are very nice. In the concept it is like the Lost Blubb demo Falcon. The
modules contain vocals. I think that on Falcon demos could be much better
than what demo crews make.


        - Third day: Saturday

        00:45 - Some tired people get to sleep. I have still haven't sleep
yet (Will I beat my record of about 51H without sleeping ?)
        02:00 - A new compo for coders: an intro to do, with a bouncing
ball which moves on the screen, in 96K, with either a Roswell's creature or
/and a "Poulpe des Garrigues" gfx. A compo for GFXmen: to do a picture with
a girl and a Place to Be logo.
        03:00 - A new fast compo: To do a music module in about 20mn, using
only one sample and only one voice (patterns are unlimited).
        05:45 - After having donwloaded the Demolition demo from DHS/IMP.
I wonder how many time I will stay awake. There are very few people active
at the moment. It is a moment where only the "strongest" stay to work hard.
I have nearly finished my demo. I hope that it will be right. My hard disk
is full of news (I must add that I don't get any news for a while).
        08:00 - Well, I go to sleep. See you later.
        14:00 - I wake up: it is time to eat and drink. There is now a new
compo: doing a W95 emulation on Atari & Amiga and a Workbench emulation on
PC. I am still tired so I will write later.
        22:00 - Outside is made a Merguez (sausage) party for everybody.
It is a success. Everybody wants a sausage (there was nothing else too
eat for this time). Next to me are some PC people which are very fun: they
have a crashed hard disk. When someone come to see them, they make the HD
falling down, shouting that they have all lost what they had onto.

        - Fourth day: Sunday

        00:38 - It is really late. A record has been broken here at the
PTB4: there are 32 (!) girls. It is a record in all the French Coding
Parties. Concerning my demo, XAZ's fire works now with the others effects.
I have now changed my soundtrack routine for the third time, because
NEWFACE's one doesn't work right on Centurbos, and Simplet's general rout
has a bug which prevent it to work right too (Hint: remove the line
"move #$2300,sr" some lines after the "MGTK_Replay_Voices" label) but this
one does not contain the P56 loader for DSP progs so I use AMGDSPIT from
Simplet. (I hope it will run on Centurbo...)
        03:00 - Some guys still have porno stuff to display on their PC
"multimedia" machines. It is a good thing for these who need to stay
awake for a long time.
        04:00 - I go to sleep.
        08:00 - I wake up. I still feel tired but I have a demo to finish.
Well, I have once again change the soundtrack rout, because the new one does
not support DSP programs in parrallel. So I decide to get back to the old
one which does not work on Centurbos.
        12:00 - The demo is almost ready, there are still few effects to
implement, and I will win the Falcon compo (and a Centurbo at the same time)
        18:00 - After many hours of work, my demo (XTASIE) is now finished.
I am ready for the compo deadline, I have just to write a README file to
include in the ZIP. Now it is time for Duke Nukem 3D and DOOM 2 compos.
There are plenty of people moving around everywhere: this party is really
good.
        19:00 - It is the deadline for all productions: I am ready, and so
are others competitors. There are many productions done: demos/intros,
music modules, and graphics. We have to wait later this evening to see
all of them.


        - Fifth and last day: Monday

        01:00 - Well, everybody is now sitting in front of the giant screen,
waiting for the demos, and intros to be showed to the freaks. After having
some (usual!) problems while connecting the computers to the retro-projector.
There are about 10 demos/intros in total. The Falcon used to display the demos
was a Centurbo-upgraded one so some of the demos get problems while running at
40 Mhz. On PC, we get the config.sys problems, the sound card problem, etc...
but we managed to see the screens. All the PC demos feature the duck object
from 3D Studio. On the Amiga were shown 4 screens, with 3 of them from Ramses
Production. The most funny screen we have seen is the Win95 parody on Amiga.
        02:00 - After having watched the demos, we see a VHS video clip done
by Scarface: it is really amazing. It features normal images of the crew, with
some nice computer graphics animations, like a normal techno video, but the
music is more hard rock than techno. Well, it is very nice to see what future
of demos could be. This clip is more a demo than a pure clip (I mean that it
has the spirit of a demo).
        03:45 - It is now time to hear the modules, and to vote for them.
Then everybody is very tired and go to sleep.
        08:00 - I have not sleep for the moment. I explore the Internet,
starting with the DHS homepage, which contains various links.
        11:00 - A guy next to me complain that he can not read ZIP disks
formatted on a Mac. The solution is to format the disk in MSDOS format. So the
Mac can read it easily. The problem is that the GEMDOS even on Falcon can only
read disks less than 32Megs. The only thing I found was to use BigDos, which
is a GEMDOS patch, so you can then read big disks. The other problem is that
SCSI Tools and AHDI can not support this type of filesystem. So we have to
use HDDriver from Uwe Seimet. The demo version allows writing only for
partition C. But I have been able to read some JPEG directly from the disk.
        14:00 - People are starting to leave. It is the prize ceremony: the
first Atari crew for demos and for intros won a Centurbo I. Sorry I don't
remember the complete chart. Here is the Atari chart:
For demos (names of the crews): 1.Scarface 2.Gloup 3.Trio (me!) 4. I don't
remember.
For intros: 1.Joker (from MJJ Prod) 2. Bill (from RDT crew)
I won a Tshirt, a pin's and a stick from Mindscape Bordeaux. They offer games
too. Announce from the speaker: there were finally 37 girls at the party!
        15:00 - Our car is ready to go so we leave. To conclude, I will say
that it was a good party. There was plenty of people. Organizers where happy
for this. There were also many compos with many competitors so there were
many things to see and to show. I did not have time to upload my new DOOM
version so I will do as usual.


                                Have fun & code!
                                                        DATA

