-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      THE SNAKE THAT SWALLOWED THE APPLE
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Hello  everybody! For my  very first appearance  in this great diskmag, I'd
like to bore you to death with some piece of profound thinking 8-)

    Maybe some  of you have  heard or read  about Apple's biiig money problems,
close to  bankruptcy indeed. Well, I read a really funny story  about it in  an
August issue of TIME. Let's go straight to the point: Steve Jobs who was sacked
from Apple  managment twelve  years  ago (why?) was  summoned  back like a good
genius  to save the  wrecking ship. And  who do you think  he himself phoned to
give him a hand? Come on try to guess who's "Number ONE benefactor" these days?
Yes, Bill  Gates, The  Emperor  Of  Microsoft¿, The  Wizard  of  Windows¿,  the
Ultimate Son of a Bitch! Oups sorry...

    Eventually, Steve Jobs  saved Apple but in the course of it, he simply sold
his and a few million users' soul to the Devil! Maybe  you're already  laughing
or just don't care, but you may also be thinking a little further too. Remember
the old  days when you  could choose  your computer  up  from a  wide range  of
brands, prices, uses  and so  on?? Remember  the  80s, the  Amstrad, Commodore,
Atari, Apple  and the  others? What  happened then?? Gradually  the fucking PCs
invaded  our  realms and  crushed  our lands. What's  left is you and me, a few
survivors... APPLE will never be the same and still the heavy machinery of Bill
Gates goes on  controlling our lives and the Net as well, among others... Quite
annoying, no?

    I don't think we can change this situation now, it's far too late but maybe
we could try to go on supporting the ST scene or what's left of it. As a member
of NLC, the makers  of the ToXiC MaG (commercials time 8-) a French diskmag, we
are having more and more problems to find people  ready to help us. But  the ST
isn't dead yet, otherwise  you wouldn't be  reading this boring stuff, wouldn't 
you? 

    Today, a few  bands are still  active and they need YOU whatever you are, a
graphist, a coder, a musician or just a supporter. But on the contrary we DON'T
need loosy  crackers! Instead of cracking sharewares, they could  contribute to
the  survival of  our beloved ST. Can't  you see that  we have to gather round,
come closer to each other and keep in touch to stay alive??

    There are still a lot of unreleased stuff. If you know some of them, please
send a disk  to Mc Laser, Moondog or me (St Survivor). This way you'll  be sure
we'll spread  your stuff around  and maybe it  will convince some lazy guys (hi
Thyrex) to  complete their  own demos. What  I can't understand  is  why former
demobands jealously  keep unreleased  stuff for themselves instead of giving it
away!!! By the way, I give a thank to Mc Laser who decided to release "NoTech",
oldy but goody 8-) Why  do you imagine you're  still using your ST? Personnally
I keep my  STe for writing, drawing, demos, games... Try  to think about it and
then  find a way to make it not a better world (too much work 8-) but simply to
keep untouched  a friendly place  where people  can stay  without  speaking the
words Intel, Power and Money...

    I met a  lot of  friends thanks  to my computer  and surely I don't want to
lose them, that's  why I go on working on my STe even though there is no chance
to win the War against the followers of Bill  Gates. Anyway I  can still  think
about myself as a true ST freak and I don't  give a damm about  the new PCs and
Windows 95, except when I want to spend a few minutes having a laugh!!

    Come on, move your ass and contact me:
    
    ST Survivor/aka Sebastien Larnac
    24 rue de la Libert‚
    90400 MOVAL
    FRANCE

    or email to :  Larnac@hotmail.com

-eof-
