THE PARTY BY SLIMER

When we drove home from the party in Breda, we (Slimer, O.T.M. and Bonus)
decided to write an article about the party.
Well, this is my little contribution to the article,

The Innovation party was held from July 30 till August 1 in Breda.

I left my house very early that morning to catch the bus (07:22 H) that
would bring me to the trainstation.
At the trainstation i took the train to Steenwijk( the place where
Bonus lives ) from which i would travel on by car.
When i arrived in Steenwijk i couldn't see the car of Bonus anywhere, 
strange thoughts crossed my mind, could it be that he forgot what time
i would arrive or did his car broke down.....
Peiiuuww, after about ten minutes of waiting i saw a familiar car stopping
in front of the station.

I only saw Bonus in the car and i couldn't spot O.T.M. anywhere.....
Bonus told me that O.T.M. had to work and that he would come later
to the party by train.
We also had to pick up Wingleader on our way to the party( life's a bitch ).
At his house we throwed him and his stuff in the car and took off !
The journey didn't take to long because we where so busy bragging to 
eachother !

Anyway we entered the city of Breda and with only a small map of the city
we began our quest for the party-building !!
We thought it was some sort of sportscomplex, so we searched in the area
that the map showed.
I saw a little building that looked like a somebody had nuked it, i made
a joke about it and said wouldn't it be funny if this was the place ?
Hahahaha and we searched further for a sportscomplex, after searching the
whole area we decided to take a look at that little building.....

So me and Wingleader walked to the building and.............
Oh no....Oh YESS, we looked at eachother and then Wingleader said to me:
let's go back to the car and tell Bonus that this isn't the place and let's
go home !
We told Bonus anyway and we decided to enter the building, we where relieved
that the building looked better inside that at the outside !
Eagle, Lowlife and one guy from the Hemoroids where the only ones inside
so we decided to join them.
After unloading the car, we looked for good tables to place our computers
on.
The building was divided in two different rooms, one was the computer
department( a youth disco ) with an somewhat okay soundsystem.
In the other room was the bar with TV and a bigscreen for the video's !

More and more people arrived at the party and it looked that it may become
cool anyway !
We had arrived around 11:30 and after some time of unpacking our stuff, we
decided to go out and eat something.
So the the three of us drove to the Mc Donalds and thanks to Wingleaders
nose for Big Macs we found it !
We acted very "funny" in the Mc Donalds and the girl who helped me got
red face from our (so called funny) remarks.
After some good food and shakes our hunger was almost gone !

Back at the party, more groups came and the place became crowded.
The first day we had no computer to type a realtime article on, so you
have to miss that part.
Anyway, at the end of the afternoon there was a pizza service for the
people intrested.

The party was good organised and you could play games on the SNES and
NEO GEO, there where video's you could watch on a big screen.
Some guys thought they where good DJ's and pounded our ears with lotsa
distorted watts of hip-hop/metal/house/rock and many other kinds of music
forms !
Imagine, there where also lots of computers there making strange noises,
not to mention the kick and screaming sounds of the Streetfighter games
playing on the SNES.

That evening i saw Evil Dead 3, very funny !
Anyway we had lotsa fun and around 04:00 H it was time to get some rest!
We had to sleep on mats used by kickboxers on the ground, the first night
this wasn't a big problem......

The second day,

I woke up at 10:00 H in the morning after only a few "hours" of sleep.
Naturally after brushing my teeth and cleaning my ears, it was time to
play Streetfighter, streetfighter, streetfighter, stree......
After two hours of Streetfighter it was time for breakfast !
After breakfast a bit more streetfighter and stuff, then against 15:15 pm
O.T.M. arrived at the party.
Things would never be the same again......

Short after the arrival of O.T.M., Mac of Sentry also showed up and he
brought the ST for the realtime article along with him.
We started up the article and shortly afterwards the first type addicts
started off !

Around 16:00 H we headed for the supermarket and again to the Mc. Donalds
for junkfood, those people of the Mac must have thought there are those
idiots again (Bonus, O.T.M., Slimer and Wingleader) !

At the end of the afternoon you could also order Mc. Donalds food, so the
guys from the organisation left for the Mc. Donalds to get the stuff.
They brought their videocamera with them to shoot some film there !!
By the way, there where constantly guys running around with either a
videocamera or a photocamera !

In the evening we saw a disguisting good movie called Braindead.
Some guys left the movie and even i felt my hamburger rise in my stomach
at the start !
Later on in the movie i became used to the voilence and blood and watched
it till the end.

That evening there where big problems finding a place to sleep and a mat
to sleep on.
There where more people on the party now then there wheren't mats to
sleep on.
It took some serious puzzeling to create a sleepingplace for all of us.
We where al packed together in a row on the ground !

The third day,

The last day arrived and i woke up very early because some idiots where
shooting with a bal against the wall and door of the room outside.
Anyway later that morning after breakfast we saw Bonus and some guy's of
Synergy playing a strange game.
They where throwing bottles filled with water at home made tower
constructions of chairs and supermarketwagons.

After these rather strange game's it was time for group photo's !
I also saw the video that they had made on the party and at the Mc Donalds
it was very funny to see that same girl again on the video !
They must have thought at the Mac that Breda was invaded by computer aliens !
We stayed a couple of hours and then around 16:30 we decided to pack and
go back home.

We dumped Wingleader at his house and had a small pitsstop there before
we drove further ! 
After some more driving we arrived in Steenwijk and i was dumped at the
trainstation.
10 minutes later my train arrived and i was off to Heerenveen, there i
took the bus back to Drachten !

SOME FINAL WORDS TO THE ORGANISATION,

We had a good time and we all hope that you do a second party soon !!

