-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       INTERVIEW WITH: ALDYN of ST KNIGHTS                         
                      -------------------------------------
                    (made with the multi-UCM-interview sheet)

Q: Hi ALDYN of STK. First of all something about yourself. How old are  you and
   what do you do when you're not sitting in front of your computer?

A: I am 26 years old. It's a bit difficult to answer because I am sitting front
   of my computer most of the time. I am doing sport (jogging).


Q: When did you first come into contact with computers, and what was your first
   machine? What sort of computer do you have  at home? What do you enjoy doing
   with your computer apart from painting?

A: My first  contact with  computers is in 1983 with my first computer which is
   the french Thomson MO5 (I think  nobody  except the french knows about  this
   computer.  It's  capacities  were  not  exiting (one  320 * 200 * 16  colors
   resolution, Z80 at 1Mhz processors, poor sound).
   Then in 1986 I bought a 520 STF (the  first serie  with TOS  in ROM), 1989 a
   STE and then a Falcon.
   Now I have a falcon with 16 MB, an amiga 1200 with an accelerator card, 8 MB
   RAM, and  finaly a PC (Cyrix P166+, 64MB RAM, 9 GB hardrive, ...) <-- aargh,
   a PC!!!
   Apart  painting, I  listen mods  on mods anthology vol.1 (the very best mods
   compilation) and use  Word, excel for my  studies. (I use  my Falcon scarcly
   (often to watch demos or listening soundchip mussax).


Q: I'd like to know  a little about your background in the scene... how did you
   get into  the demo scene? What  were the  first demo  screens you have taken
   part in? What was your first group before you have joined your current crew?

A: Some friends  and I wanted  to creat a  group when we see for the first time
   cracked  games  intro  and  the  Union. A  first  group  (his  name  has  no
   importance) is born  and 6 month  later, we  have created STKNIGHTS (then we 
   enter in Fuzion, HMD and finally we have brougth back to life STKnights.
   The first released demo screen was NRJ4U 1.


Q: Can you tell me something about your current group? What is your function in
   this band  and can you give me a roundup of the group (who's still going and
   what are people doing)?

A: See, Jace Interview. My fonction is graphist and now HTML designer. 


Q: What about  the projects  of your group? Is  there anything  to come  in the
   future?

A: See Jace interview



Q: ...and how do  you view the large-scale  death of  the  Atari demo scene? At
   present  it seems that everything's going down the tubes. Do you think there
   will be a resurrection of the scene, or will it die out slowly?

A: I think that  there will a  ressurection  of the scene since the creation of
   PACIFIST (a ST  emulator which runs  on PC). A  lots of web pages appears on
   internet. Some people come back to their ST.


Q: Will you put your Falcon/ST in the corner one day and put a PC on your desk?
   
A: It's already  done. A PC is on my desk instead of my Falcon (and hate PC but
   it's necessary  for studies, and  so on). But I  use my Falcon to watch some
   demos and  even my STF to  play with old games (funier than the recent games
   on PC).


Q: Right, before  everything gets  out of control here, here are a few subjects
   that you can show your views on with a couple of words or a short paragraph.

ATARI          - Atari is responsible of the death of these wonderful computers
                 and it's  a pity  that they  were uncapable  of  following the
                 market.

FALCON         - A wonderfull machine which came too late.

AMIGA          - Commodore is also responsible of the death of the  Amiga. This
                 is still a good  computer (1200). The 500 was revolutionary in
                 1985 (five years lead)

PC & MICROSOFT - PC is shit (lots of power but I don't where it disappear). And
                 Microsoft are  thieves (they have  copied PC/M for DOS, Mac OS
                 for  Win95 and  they manage  to sell  software with hundred of
                 bugs.

DEMOS IN GENERAL - I hope demos will keep the spirit of the begining.

DEMO-SCENE     - I hope the demo scene will still survive

CRACKING       - nothing to say particularly

INTERNET       - the future

JAGUAR         - no comment (I bought a  Jaguar and I was very desappointed  by
                 the  behaviour  of  Atari and  Jaguar  was  not  a  wonderfull
                 machine)

PLAYSTATION    - I prefer a Nintendo64

NINTENDO 64    - very impressive

"LAMER" & "ELITE"  - ?

BSE ;-)        - ?

UNDERCOVER :-) - ?


Q: Apart from computers, what do you like doing in general (hobbies etc)

A: Painting (with real brushes), calligraphy.


Q: What's the one thing you really can't stand?

A: In France, Atari users are  constantly arguing instead of helping each other
   (look  at messages  on RTEL (on  french  minitel). Otherwise, I  can't stand
   stupidity.


Q: Good, I'd like to leave it there, and if you have a message for our readers,
   do it here...

A: Keep making demos on ST.


Right, many  thanks for  sparing us  a few minutes of your time, I wish you all
the best for your group and your future projects!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------




