-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          "DRAGONNELS" by ACID MAKER
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                          

After more and more releases from Poland, I didn't wonder after I got this one.
But the fact that really  astonished me, was that  this demo was  already coded
some years ago. Unfortunately I do not  know when exactly, but  I guess that it
was done in '93 or '94.
The "Dragonnels Demo" comes on  a 2/10/80 DD-disk. After putting  the disk into
the the drive, your screen fades to black and after some seconds a text appears
on the screen, using a thin 8x8 font. It welcomes us to the demo and informs us
about  the  makers: Acid Maker  made all  codes, Mr. Wrobel  did  some  gfx and
modules. In the background we hear a steady  buzzing. Sounds like a fat bumble-
bee or an airplane from the 50s. By pressing space we reach the main-menu.

The mainmenu shows a 160x240 square in the  middle of the screen. Within it, we
can see a plasma with nice colours. Above this plasma, the names of the screens
are written in an old font-style ("Gothic" was the name, I think). Every screen
takes one line, so when you use your mouse, the lines with the names move up or
down. Left  and  right  besides  this  square  is  only  pure  darkness.  Worth
mentioning is that the main menu  also runs in the  lower border. The "musical"
score is still by Mr. Bumble-Bee. This circumstance affects a bit negatively on
this main menu. But all in all it is well designed and usable.

The  first  screen  is  called  "2048+2 pixels  figures  and  two eyes". A blue
landscape with mountans  apprears on the  screen and  some huge  3D-dot objects 
with alot of pixels move in the foreground. As a stupid  gimmick, there are two
red dots  just plotted into  a cave in the moutains, so you may think that this
are two eyes. (I  don't think so ;)) The  dot-effect is nice, but there is _no_
music we could listen to.

The next screen is  called "Big plasma" and this is what  you get. A fullscreen
plasma that  beats the shit out of Delta Force's Colourshocks. I never saw such
a beautiful plasma, and  only the one  I saw by  Omega (it was on a AnimAl Mine
GSC in '93) may compete with this one. There is no music.

Next one is a screen  called "Blaupunkt", which is German and  means as much as
"blue point" (you surely derived  that by yourself ;). A landscape  made out of
green and yellow dots with hills and valleys appears on the screen and a simple
blue filled  circle moves  up and  down the  screen. Finally, we  get the first
music  of  the  demo. Even  if it is  really  slow (an  old Mad Max music?), it
perfectly fits into this screen.

Fourth screen is a demoversion of an Arkanoid-clone called "Rainbow Wall". This
screen looks really colorful, with hundreds of colors for the stones. The whole
game  runs  in  fullscreen, which  makes  it  pretty  astonishing. The  bat  is
controlled by the mouse. I would call this screen a real smash, because it uses
the hardware of the ST very good. Nice screen, Mr. Acid Maker!

This one  gets  followed by  a screen  called "Ace Plotter". Yes, again  one of
those screens I really  hate. You have  eight paramenters  to control  a spline
that moves round the screen. By the way, the screen is a fullscreen. The music,
a chip-walz, sucks as hell.

The  sixth  screen, entitled "Fast Unlimited Bobs", starts  up  with  a  screen
showing several parameters you may change in the upper part of the left screen.
Beneath this, some dots-spline give us a short review of what may come up after
clicking on  the large "GO"-button  on the right half on the screen. The little
preview screen  changes with  every new parameter  you give in above. The final
effect  starts up  with a blue disting-background in fullscreen as we know them
from  the perfect ULM-demos. Then  unlimited bobs appear, in fullscreen as well
and in the same waveform you entered it before. Pressing the right mousebutton,
you come  back to  the  preview-screen. The  whole screen  is accompanied  by a
freaky LAP (?) music.

The "4096 Pixel Scroller" commences  with a  blue  background  pictures. We are
able to see  several dot-scrollers  in nice waveforms. But there is always only
one scroller on screen. The scrollines move very realistic. The sound sucks, it
is the theme from the "Brigde on the River Kwai"-movie.

A screen called "3D Bezier" is not working in my version.

The ninth screen is called "Shadow Sprites" what means nothing else than simple
shadebods. You can change their way of moving by some parameters that are shown
in the lower border of the screen. (ggrrrr!;)

The "Happy Island"-screen generates  nice fractal-islands that  scroll from the
top to  the bottom  of the  screen. These  island  look really  realistic, with
yellow  shores, green  hillslopes and  white  peaks. The  whole effect  is also
running in the upper and lower border of the screen.

Next  screen is  called "Fractal Maker", which  means nothing  else  as it name
says. The  calculated  Mandelbrots  are  shown  in  the  upper and lower border
(again...). After selecting  a special part  of the fractal by the mouse, a new
fractal is calculated. This takes a bit too much time, so I always press reset.
There is no music in this screen.

"Pixie Land" is an 1800  dots-landscape  seen from slanting  above. You  surely
seen this  effect before  in demos  like "Blood" by  HoloCaust  or "Flight over 
Sirius" by  TSCC. The  island  just look  like the  ones in  the "Happy Island"
screen. Special thing about _this_ screen is that it is controlable by mouse.

The final screen for all non 1MB-ST-owners is called "Realtime Zoomer". I guess
the screen gets switched to med-res. In a square of maybe 300x100, we can see a
pretty nice rotozoomer  with a lot  white "ACID MAKER" logos. The  zoom is very
smoth, even better than the ones by Delta Force or Sanity, also  if their's had
some sound.

The first screen that requires 1MB, "1267 Vectors", just shows a moving vector-
grid. You may compare  the movement  of that  grid with  the wavetable  used in
several shadebob-effects. Looks nice, but I cannot see why I it is not possible
to do something like that on half a meg, too.

"System Window with many gray stains" shows a  very nice, nearly  undescribable
effect. Let's say it looks like white interference-cirles that are distorted in
all ways. That's a real smash, also  because its nice  soundtracker-tune in the
background. (great!)

The  last  screen of  the demo  called "Magic Box" is  undescribable, too. Acid
Maker says that it is a new fractal  method, but I only see a square with a lot
of blue  points moving in it. Pretty  strange and not so nice. The whole screen 
is accompanied by a soundtracker-tune.

By pressing RESET we reach the reset screen of  the demo. Firstly  the adresses
of the makers are  shown. They are  coming from Warsaw  and Lublin. Below their 
adresses, a  lame "The End"-logo  is shown. The  final  effect  is a  colourful
fullscreen that always changes its colours. Looks fine!



Overall: "Dragonnels" left two thoughts  in my mind: no  question, the  demo is
         really good, which a lot of fullscreens, opened lower borders, colors,
         nice plasmas and  it is well  designed, too. On  the other  hand, I am
         missing some more gfx and, what is truely necessary  in _every_ demos,
         some chip tunes as  well. Eventually I think  that the  positive parts
         outweights the missing music and gfx.


         coding     : 75%
         grafics    : nearly no gfx, therefor no vote
         musics     : 40%
         design     : 80%
         originality: 70%
         ----------------
         overall    : 66%
         ================

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         mOd/.tSCc. - 30/06/97
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
