-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  FRENCH MAID
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                  

He paid  no attention  to her as she entered the  room. He was used to the help
being around  him while he worked. He  paid all of them well enough to do their
work  without  bothering  him. The maid  would simply  clean the  room and then
leave.

Her  perfume smelled  different today, more  like that  of a  young woman  then
someone  who was fifty years  old. This caused him to look  up. In front of him
was a  very goodlooking  woman, about  30 years old  with a great body. She was
wearing a  maids outfit with a  hem that allowed an ample view of her legs. Her
breasts were held tightly within the top which was  cut to push her breasts up,
exposing  the tops of  them to him. Looking  at her, he  felt his cock start to
harden within his pants.

"Where's Pat?" he asked.
"She's sick today, sir. I'm her niece, Lois. She asked me to fill in for her. I
hope you don't mind?"
"No, I don't mind. I have to stay here while you work though, please try not to
disturb me." he said.
He was  thinking that  he would really like was to fuck her instead of working.
It was a  good thing he  was behind  the desk. His cock was hard now, straining
against the fabric of his pants.
"I won't bother you sir" she said as she started to clean the room.

There was  a large wall to wall book case directly in front of his desk. With a
smile, he  said: "There is a lot  of dust on the bookcase. Please make sure you
clean all of the books. You can use the ladder to reach the top." 
He knew  she  would  have  stretch  to reach  the top shelf. He started to look
forward to  seeing her  ass as she stretched out while  cleaning. Her dress was
too short to cover her while she was up there.

She moved to the bookcase. As she walked, he noticed how slim her legs were. It
looked like she used them a lot.
"You have very nice legs. Do you run?"
"No, sir, I lift weights for exercise. I do a couple of different things for my
legs. My  favorite  type of exercise is squatting with weights on my shoulders.
This helps me keep my legs in shape. I'm glad you think they're nice."
She knew how  great her legs looked. She also thought of how good squatting was
for  her. Especially  if there was a hot  cock for her to squat down on. Should
she tell him that? No, she  thought. He was not paying her to tell him what she
liked. He was paying her and he wanted her to clean the bookcase, not fuck him.

She started cleaning the middle shelves first. He was not working now. His hand
was  under the  desk, rubbing his  cock as he watched her. He wondered what she
was wearing  under her  dress. He thought  of the stories he had read of French
Maids as he was growing up. Was she wearing panties? Did she have a garter belt
on? She  was wearing  white  stockings. He  hoped they  were not panty hose. He
imagined they would be stockings, attached to a garter. He hoped for thin white
silk  panties, thin  enough that  he would  be  able to  see the outline of her
pussy.

Looking up, he noticed that she was cleaning some of the higher shelves now. As
she  reached up, her  dress moved up exposing her ass. She was wearing a garter
best. Underneath  it was a pair of panties that left most of her ass uncovered.
The site  of her almost  made his  cum  as he let  out a  slow moan. He quickly
coughed  and moved  some papers on his desk to cover his sounds. He wondered if
she heard him. Since she kept on working, he didn't think so.

She knew what  she was doing. She had dressed to capture his attention. She was
sure  she had heard  him moan  just now. What man wouldn't if he was looking at
her ass. Each  time she  lifted her  arms, she felt the cheeks of her ass being
exposed. The  panties she  had on barely  covered her. They disappeared between
the crack  of her ass  and did not reappear again until they came to her pussy.
Right now they were very wet in front. She knew he was hard. His  hand had been
under  the desk  ever  since she  entered the  room. There  was a mirror in the
corner. He did not know that she could see him in it. She had  seen him looking
at her as  she lifted her arms. She saw him shift in his seat. She imagined how
hard his cock had gotten while looking at her. She had to find a way to get him
up from the desk. She wanted to see the bulge in his pants.

"Sir, I'm ready to clean the top shelves now. Could you hold the ladder for me?
I'm afraid it might fall."
She was also afraid that he might not get up since his cock was so hard.
"I'm kind of  busy right now, can you wait a few minutes? I have to finish this
letter."
Shit, he thought, I can't let her see me this way.
"Will you please go get me a cup of coffee" he asked.
That would get her out of the room.
"I should be done by the time you get back."
Damn, she thought as she left the room.

She was getting very horny thinking of him. While she was waiting for the water
to boil, she  lifted her  dress and slid  her hand down inside her panties. She
was very  wet. The  feeling of  the wet silk cooling on the top of her hand and
the heat  from her wet  pussy felt very good. She slid a finger down across her
clit and buried it in her cunt. She leaned back against the wall and lifted her
leg  to a chair  to allow her  finger to  slide deeper into her. She closed her
eyes  and imagined  him fucking  her as her  finger slid  in and out of her hot
cunt. She was almost ready to cum when the coffee pot began to whistle, forcing
her  to stop. If  she did not  turn it off, someone else might come in and find
her like  this. She wouldn't  mind if it was  him, but she didn't know who else
was in the house.

Thank god she  left the room, he thought as he got up. He had to undo his pants
to move his  cock around. Looking at her had made him so hard that his cock had
become jammed  in the folds  of his pants. He walked around the room, breathing
slowly, trying to will his cock to get soft. Just as it started to get a little
softer, she came back into the room.

"Here is your coffee, sir. There is sugar and cream on the tray."
She thought of what type of cream she would like right now.
"Is there anything else I can get for you?"
"No." he said, nervously picking up the coffee, "You can go on cleaning."
Looking at the bulge of his cock, she knew exactly what she wanted to clean.
"Will you hold the ladder while I do the top shelves?" she asked.
There was no way he could evade me now, she thought.
"Ok" he said. "But the ladder slants out too far. I will have to stand in front
of it while you are on it."
Moving to  the ladder, he placed  himself between it and the bookcase.  He held
it as she started to climb. He thought she would only go up two or three steps,
placing her  stomach directly in front of his face. He was pleasantly surprised
when she  kept climbing  until her  pussy was  directly in front of him. As she
reached up, her dress rose up to expose her pussy to him. He could see that she
was  very wet. She  was so  close  to his  face  that he  could smell the sweet
fragrance  of her pussy. He  had trouble  holding the ladder steady as his cock
created a tent in the crouch of his pants. He had to fuck this woman.

She looked down and saw what was happening to him.
"Are you all right sir?", she asked him. "Is there anything I can do for you?",
she asked, knowing the answer.
She moved  her pussy closer  to his face as she asked, "Would you like to taste
my pussy?".
"Yes", he responded. He could think of nothing else to say.
"Don't move until I tell you to" she told him. "If you do everything I say, you
can fuck me. If you do not, I will leave and you will have to take care of your
hardon in your own way. Is that understood?"
"I will do whatever you tell me if you will let me fuck you." he said. While he
stood there, looking  at her pussy, she reached down and pulled her panties up,
forcing  them between the  lips of her pussy. With her hand, she slowly stroked
the  piece of silk hidden within  the soft  folds, parting  them each  time her
fingers moved up and down. She was so wet, the juices seemed to be dripping out
of her cunt.
"Take your cock  out of your pants, and play with it." she told him. She warned
him not  to cum as he  started to unzip his pant and take his cock in his hand.
She looked down as him as he slowly stroked the hot shaft of meat. She  watched
the head as it disappeared each time his hand moved the loose skin over it. She
wondered  how long he  could keep  it up before he came. Watching him, made her
wetter. Her  finger found it's way behind the folds of her panties and into her
pussy. She was finger fucking herself right in front of his. She  made sure her
finger was  covered with her cunt juice. Taking it out of her, she placed it in
front of him.
"Would you like to taste it?" she asked, offering her finger to him.
"Please" he whispered as he opened his mouth to accept her finger. Closing  his
lips  around it, he  tasted the  sweet juice from her pussy. He moved his mouth
back and  forth, taking  her  finger  in and  then  releasing  it. He timed the
movements  to the  stroking of  his cock. He was losing it, forgetting where he
was. His hand was moving faster and faster on  his cock, pumping  it, making it
bigger. He  continued to  suck on her  finger as he jacked himself off. She was
not stopping him..

She had not  planned to  let him  cum. She was going to stop him before he lost
control. But  watching him was turning her on more. While he was sucking on her
finger, she  moved her other hand to her pussy, burying two fingers within her.
She rested  against the ladder, fucking herself as she  watched him. She was so
hot. She  knew it  would not  take long  to get herself off. Watching him would
only make  her cum faster. She  hoped she would be able to outlast him. Looking
down on  him, she  could see  that the  head of his  cock was pulsing with each
stroke of his hand. There were already small drops of cum clinging to the small
slit. His breathing was becoming fast and erratic as his  hand pumped his shaft
faster and faster.
"I'm CUMMING" he  screamed as the white liquid squirted out of his cock, pushed
by the uncontrolled  contractions within his body. She wished she had been in a
position to take him in her mouth as he came. She wanted to taste  his cum. The
site  of him cumming  was all  she needed  to drive  her  past the  point of no
return. Her  finger was  moving faster  now, burying themselves deep in her hot
cunt with each stroke. She  grabbed the ladder to keep from falling just as her
body was rocked by an orgasm.

It took a moment for her to recover. She knew she was just starting. He had not
moved  from under  the ladder. He  stood  there looking  at her pussy which was
dripping with her cum. He had let go of his cock, which was still semi-hard.
"Did I tell you to stop playing with yourself?".
He responded: "No, you didn't. I came, so I thought I was done."
She screamed at  him: "Your not  done, until I say so. I want to see that thing
hard a gain. Keeping  stroking it  until I tell you to stop. You better not cum
again unless I tell you to."
She was  satisfied  as he  took his  cum covered  cock in  his hand  and slowly
started to stroke it. She watched it get harder. Thinking  of how it would feel
inside her caused her to shiver.
"Come  over to  this  side of  the ladder." she  told him. "And  don't you stop
jacking off."  As he moved, he said "If I don't stop, I'm going to cum again. I
can't control myself. Please let me stop for just a few seconds."
He didn't  like being told  what to do, but he found this woman exciting and he
knew he would not stop unless she told him to. She wanted his cock in her mouth
the next time he came.
"You can stop moving  your hand, but don't let go. I want you to keep your cock
hard for me."

She slid her  panties down her legs and stepped out of them without getting off
the ladder. Then, she  lifted her right leg up one rung on the ladder to create
enough room for what she had in mind.
"Put your  head up here, in  front of my  pussy." The ladder was wide enough to
allow  him to  rest against  it. He was  able to slide  his head up between her
legs, stopping with his mouth directly in front of her pussy. Her cunt was wet,
glistening  with her  juice. Her  scent overwhelmed  him. If  he had still been
stroking his cock, he  would have cum, just smelling her pussy. He was so close
to cumming, he squeezed his cock hard to make sure he didn't.

"Do you want to  eat my pussy?" she asked him. "Would you  like to fuck me with
your tongue, make me cum on your face?"
As he said "yes", she  moved her hips  forward, pinning him against the ladder,
placing her pussy directly over his mouth.
"Fuck me." she told him. "Use your tongue to get me off."
Her pussy completely  covered his mouth. He could only breath through his nose.
Each breath  filled him  with the  smell of  her, made it harder to control his
cock. Even thought  she told him  not to, he wasn't  sure he could keep himself
from cumming. His cock was so hard, straining for release. He realized that his
hand was  stroking it  again, involuntarily, bringing  him closer to the moment
when his cum would shoot from his hot shaft.

She knew how  close he was  to cumming but really didn't care. The fact that he
was trying  to fight it  was what was  important to her. He was the type of man
who thought  he was always  in control. She  controlled him now. The mirrors in
the room  allowed her to see  the proof of his manhood. His cock was very hard.
She could see it  twitching in his hands. She saw how red it had gotten when he
squeezed  it, trying  not to  cum. That  he was fighting the pleasures his body
craved, the  pleasure her  body was giving to him, was important to her. If she
was right, he would cum again, soon. She knew how  good her pussy  smelled, how
good it  tasted. No  man could  control himself  with her pussy so close to his
face. She stopped  thinking of him and concentrated on how her body felt as she
felt his  tongue parting  the lips  of her  pussy, finding  it's way inside her
body. She  spread her  legs as far  as she could  to allow him deeper access to
her.
"Move your tongue faster, make me cum." she told him.
Her command made him work faster. Her pussy  was completely covering his mouth.
He could only breath through his nose. This caused him to take quicker, shorter
breaths  as his  tongue darted  in and  out of her  pussy. His  hot breath fell
directly  on her clit, exciting  her even  more. She  started  moving her  hips
slightly, not  enough to release him, just enough to let his mouth slide up and
down her pussy. Her  movements caused  his nose to slide between the soft folds
of her  pussy, rubbing  her clit  each  time it did. She  had to  time herself,
allowing  him to  breath. The  feeling of  her clit sliding  under his nose was
unique. It was pressed down, only to expand again into the opening of his nose.
It was just like fucking him. She liked this. 

His tongue had  not stopped  moving. She was  so wet that her juice was flowing
out of  her, directly  into his  mouth. She  felt it each time as he stopped to
swallow. Each time he did so, his lips closed, creating a suction on her pussy.
She was close to cumming now. She was enjoying the feeling of his tongue inside
her. It  was just long  enough to  reach inside  her pussy and touch one of the
most sensitive locations in her body.

He could  not believe  what she was  doing. She was moving her body, completely
covering  his face. He  had to  time  his breathing  to her. He  felt  her clis
sliding across his nose. Each time he breathed, he was completely overcome with
the scent  of her cunt. It  was like inhaling pure sex. The juice from her cunt
was flowing  directly  into his  mouth. She tasted very good. His body, needing
release was quivering, completely out of his control. His hand started stroking
his  cock, pumping  it each  time  his tongue  entered  her pussy. The  feeling
started in his groin, a tingling  that spread across his balls as the twitching
of his  cock increased. He  had no control  now, he  was going to cum no matter
what he  did. He stroked  himself faster, speeding  up the flow of cum from his
balls, causing his body to jerk violently as the white hot cum erupted from the
end of  his cock, arching  up and away  from his  body. He was not conscious of
what his  tongue was doing while his body was in the grip of his own orgasm. He
was brought  back to reality  as her pussy  was crushed  against his face and a
flood of hot, sweet juice was released into his mouth.

She felt the  movement of his body. She knew he had lost control of his ability
to  keep from cumming. She  watched him as  his hand started moving up and down
his cock. She hoped his hand felt as good for him as his tongue did within her.
She knew how close he was to cumming. His  hand was moving  faster now, pushing
the skin of his cock up over the head, burying it in it's own  warmth. It would
not be much longer before she would replace his hand with her own hot lips. His
tongue  was moving  faster now, ramming  itself deeper into her pussy, matching
the  movements of  his hand. She  was on the  verge of  cumming now. She had to
fight the demands her body was making. She had to hold off  until he came. When
she thought  she would lose to the needs of her own body, she felt him tense as
a stream  of cum shot  from his cock. His  hand kept stroking his cock, pumping
the white  liquid from his  body. This was  what she was waiting for, actually,
what her body was waiting for. Her own orgasm had started from all parts of her
body, building and concentrating all the feelings of pleasure at one point near
her  pussy. The  orgasm was intense  and swift as she crushed her pussy against
his mouth, against  his still  moving tongue, releasing  her cum to him as wave
after wave of ecstasy crashed through her body.

After the orgasms  stopped and her breathing had returned to normal, she lifted
her pussy from his face and stepped down to the floor.
"Don't move" she told him. "I have a surprise for you."
She reached up and undid the buttons on his shirt, kissing his chest as she did
so. She had him lean forward  so she could remove  the shirt. Next, she removed
his pants, exposing the full length of his cock to her. Reaching into the small
pockets on  her dress, she removed four straps. Using these, she tied his hands
and feet  to the ladder. Making  sure he was comfortable, she knelt in front of
him  and took his cock  in her hands. It was soft now and covered with his cum.
She gently squeezed the soft flesh between her fingers, stroking it  lightly as
she  did. His cock  started to  respond to her hands, twitching  in them as she
felt it starting to grow for her. She placed the tip of it against her lips and
slid her tongue out to meet it.  Turning her head sideways, she slid her tongue
along  the entire  length of his shaft and under his balls. By now, he was very
hard. Cupping  his balls, she  took each one in her mouth, sucking on them very
gently. This  caused him to  let out a very  soft moan, confirming the pleasure
she was giving him.

She moved  her mouth back up the hot shaft while she continued to play with his
balls. Even though  he had just cum, his cock was jumping up and down each time
her lips touched it. She was sure that he was very close to cumming again. This
time, she  would have his  cock in her  mouth when the cock juice squirted from
him. She would  play with him as long as she could, prolonging the  pleasure he
was  feeling. She  felt how wet her pussy was as she reached  down to play with
herself. She only needed one hand to play with his cock.

Parting her lips, she took only part of his cockhead in her mouth. She  ran her
tongue  around it  and slipped it  between the small slit at the end. She could
taste  the cum that  was still in him from the previous orgasms. She thought of
how good he would taste when he came in her mouth this time. She moved her lips
down, over  the smooth  ridge at the  base of his cockhead, sucking hard as she
did so. Her sucking caused his cock to grow harder in her mouth. She could feel
the veins  pumping the  make him harder  for her. Her fingers were on her pussy
now. She was moving them back and  forth across the entire length of her pussy,
starting at her clit, slipping in between the pink folds of skin leading to the
hot  receptive hole  between her  legs. She buried  her fingers deep inside her
cunt, wishing  there  was  a way  she could  prolong  the feeling  of something
sliding  into her. When she could go no further, she started to slide them out,
putting  pressure against  the top  of the  rippling  walls as  she did so. She
continued  to move her hand as her fingers came out of  her pussy, tracing back
up along the folds of her pussy lips until she felt the hardness of her clit.
She  spread her  fingers slightly, allowing it to slide between them. She could
not decide  what felt better, something rubbing her clit or, sliding in and out
of her  pussy. She  was glad she  did not have to  settle for one or the other.
Right  now, she  thought, she  could have both  as she slid her hand forward to
repeat the process again. She would continue to do this until he came. She knew
from past  experiences that the taste of his cum, filling her mouth, would make
her cum again.

She returned  her attention to his cock. He was so close to cumming that he was
trying to fuck her mouth. She bid down gently, causing him  to stop. She was in
control, she would make him cum when she was ready, not before. His cock tasted
so good in  her mouth. She  moved her  head forward  slowly, taking  his entire
length in her mouth. She was  glad she had learned how to let a cock slide down
her throat  without causing her to gag. She knew how great the tightness of her
throat felt on his cock. She could feel  the head as it throbbed in the back of
her mouth. Opening her mouth further, she extended  her tongue and  licked down
between  his balls.  As she started to let him slide out of her mouth, she used
her  lips to grasp  the loose  skin that surrounded him, pulling it up over the
head on his cock as he slid out of her mouth. She did not let the entire length
of his  cock slide  past her  lips. She  stopped  moving just  as she  felt the
thickness of it's head start to slide between her lips. When she felt this, she
released  the hold  her lips  had on his  cock skin. She  felt this  slide out,
across her lips as his cock stayed within her mouth. She  continued sucking him
this  way, sometimes  moving very  fast, sometimes  very slow. He was breathing
faster  now and  trying  to control the  movement of his cock as she fucked him
with  her mouth. He  was very close  to cumming. She could feel the contraction
within  his body each  time his entire  cock was in her mouth and her lips were
against  his body. She  had been finger  fucking her self and was ready to cum.
She had one  surprise left for him. She knew he would cum when he felt what she
was going to do to him.

Reaching  down to her  pussy she  covered  her other  hand with her cunt juice,
making  sure her  fingers were  very slippery. She  reached  up and  rubbed his
balls, letting her fingers slide behind them, toward the cheeks of his ass. She
firmly rubbed the skin behind his balls, knowing that his cum would soon follow
this path as it shot from him. Her  fingers found the hole she was looking for.
As she pressed her finger against him, she felt his prick move violently in her
mouth. Knowing  he was  very close  to  cumming, she  pressed  her finger  hard
against his ass, sliding it entire length inside  his body as his ass tightened
around it. She started moving in and  out of him, timing  her movements to both
her lips  on his cock  and the fingers  fucking her pussy. She felt him cumming
even  before the  cum entered  her mouth. She  felt it  with her  fingers as it
traveled along the inside of his body, following the trail along the  underside
of his cock and squirting out of him, filling her mouth. As she  fought to keep
his cock in her mouth, while swallowing his cum, she kept  fucking him with her
fingers. This  seemed to  make him  cum again, as  if he were having a multiple
orgasm. She  didn't  care what  it was, as  long as  she could  feel him in her
mouth.

Her fingers  had not  stopped playing with  her pussy. She was waiting only for
him to  finish before she  allowed her  pussy to  contract  tightly  around her
fingers as  the flood gates of her body opened, releasing her own juices as she
was overcome with an orgasm of her own.

When her body stopped shaking, she stood up and released him.
"I hope  you  enjoyed  that sir." she  said as  she picked  up her  panties and
retrieved the straps she had used to bind him.
"I liked  it very  much, especially  the surprise  ending." he  responded as he
walked  to the desk  and picked up an envelope containing $500.00. Giving it to
her, he asked, "Can you come as a teacher next week?"
"Should I bring a ruler for bad boys?" she asked as she walked out the door.

                                                                        THE END
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------



