-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        INTERVIEW WITH: JACE of ST KNIGHTS
                       ------------------------------------
                    (made with the multi-UCM-interview sheet)                       
                     

Q: Hi Jace of ST Knights. First of all  something about  yourself. How  old are
   you and what do you do when you're not sitting in front of your computer?

A: Hello everybody! Well I'm listening music (all stuffs  exept Zouk!), playing
   basket-ball with Dieu (our gfx-man), playing  with my  cat "Gromie", and not
   at least  go out  with my nearly-wife "Sophie"... That's  all for the moment 
   (In fact I have no time left!)


Q: When did you first come into contact with computers, and what was your first
   machine? What sort of computer do you have  at home? What do you enjoy doing
   with your computer apart from programming?

A: A lot of people in my family have computer-jobs... I think it was impossible
   not to see a computer in my childhood!
   I got an "Alice 90" (a red computer!) at  the beginning  of the 80s (I don't
   remember exactly!). Then  I got a TI-994A, good machine at the time!. Then a
   Thomson TO7-70. I used also Apple IIc, IIgs and Mac Plus at the same time.
   In 1988 I buyed a ST.
   Now I own 2 Mega ST (with  hard  disk, DAT  and  CD-ROM), 2 STe, a 486 PC, a
   Machintosh  LCII (Don't laught it has a 68030 at 14 Mhz as the Falcon!), and
   I will buy a Power Machintosh soom (yes Motorola Rulez!)
   I enjoy  listening to old modules and SID musics, playing DOOM II (arrgghhh)
   in net, joking about Microsoft lame programs...


Q: I'd like to know  a little about your background in the scene... how did you
   get into  the demo scene? What  were the  first demo  screens you have taken
   part in? What was your first group before you have joined your current crew?

A: Wow... it  seems to  be like  DALLAS! In  1989, Aldyn and  me created the ST
   Knights. We  has released  some  little intros  and a  great soundemo called
   "Energy For You". Then  in  1992  we  joined  FUZION. But  dis crew  was too
   limited  for making  demo. We  moved to Hemoroids and released the FullParts
   demo and  the Colorz  trackmo wich has won the 1rst price at the Place To Be
   party in 1993.
   Due to strange and unkwon reasons, we wera fired from HMD ST. Aldyn and Dieu
   entered in HMD PC and I wanted to create a new crew  with the members living
   on our  island. But  as the  PC disguted  me (read after) I  decided in 1996
   after a few years to merge the ST Knights...on ST!


Q: Can you tell me something about your current group? What is your function in
   this band  and can you give me a roundup of the group (who's still going and
   what are people doing)?

A: The current members of the crew are (and will stay!)

	Alan Parker: Musician, now on recording studios stuff in Paris
	Aldyn	     : Graphist, on PC, Falcon, Amiga
	Creator    : Graphist, at the army
	Dieu       : Graphist, on PC
	Jace       : Coder, on ST, PC, Mac, Unix...
	Joker      : guest, on PC, Falcon

   As you see, all  people has a PC! But we are all ready to make something for
   the ST! (except Alan and Creator!)


Q: What about  the projects  of your group? Is  there anything  to come  in the
   future?

A: Wooo... I think  that I have too much projects for the future... I will make
   all my best to finish the Resurrection demo at time...
   But at first I will release the Anti-Pc demo for the intro of the TOXIC Mag.
   Then if Aldyn wants it, the STK slide show will be produced...
   And I hope that the Virtual drive project will work one day!


Q: ... and how do you view the large-scale  death of  the  Atari demo scene? At
   present  it seems that everything's going down the tubes. Do you think there
   will be a resurrection of the scene, or will it die out slowly?

A: I don't  think so... The ST  will survive  all the time that people will use
   it! But used perhaps as a virtual machine like "PACIFIST" make it possible!


Q: Will you put your Falcon/ST in the corner one day and put a PC on your desk?

A: In 1994 I  buyed a PC and  put my ST in  the corner!!! I can tell you that I
   didn't thought that on day I will make something on Atari! But after codeing
   on PC I  was disgusted  by the  power. Yes! A  lot of  people think that the
   power is  everything. But  when you are  making an 3d mapped environment and
   there  is still time processor or a new processor is born and so on, this is
   a  way completely  different of  the ST. You cant't break records, you can't
   count clock  cycles, you can't code originaly as on a simple ST... The PC is
   a very  good machine  for the  usual coder. The  man who wants code a stupid
   multimedia  programs with windows, buttons and multimedia-shit stuffs. But I
   can't undestand why people use a PC instead of a Mac for this!
   Demo coders on PC are still making the same things, for examle when Chaos of
   Sanity made  a demo on PC, he  won the  1rst place with the little something
   else that Amiga and Atari guys like us got! And he also told the same thing:
   PC is shit!


Q: Right, before  everything gets  out of control here, here are a few subjects
   that you can show your views on with a couple of words or a short paragraph.

ATARI          - I think  they  are  big  LAMERS! Why  the 040  as  never  been
                 released? Why  the Falcon  has not in the TT design? Why... so
                 much questions...

FALCON         - I still think that is not a good machine... The 68030  at only
                 14 Mhz, the bus is at  16 bit, the  memory only  upgradable to
                 14 Mb... the motherboard so big  that you have to  use a tower
                 for it... Sorry  but it  is the  truth! Obviously, there  is a
                 DSP!

AMIGA          - Wow Impressive! Do  you think of all the  stuffs you  can find
                 for it? 68030 to  PPC cards... New  version of OS, big project
                 for the future... I think the Amiga is much powerfull  than in
                 Comodore life! Atari wold should take example from it!

PC & MICROSOFT - See it  before! Oups! No! I  didn't  speak  about Microsoft...
                 Bill Gates! My hero ;-)! Well  if you  want to buy the best OS
                 around, that crashes  itself without your help, that used near
                 100 Mb just  to do a little something more than the Mac OS (or
                 the GEM !), that  has to  be installed  every month because it
                 will do everything itself (see before), then buy Microsoft 95.
                 herr... what? Windows NT 4.0? Ahhh Do you have  a Pentium Pro?
                 No? So just go away...
		           Microsoft Office? Yes! So  powerfull that  you will  never use
		           much than  30% of all its  functions... And just think that it
		           takes 200-300 MB  on your HD  if you install all the stuffs! I
                 think that Microsoft just want to sell us shit... Why all this
                 megabytes? 

DEMOS IN GENERAL - The best way to code... This is always a pleasure.

DEMO-SCENE     - I am sorry  that a lot  of people  sold their  ST to buy a PC!
                 This people were attracted by the power. But what is the power
                 of the  demo? The  power  of the  machine  or the power of the
                 people who are  making it possible? just think about it! But I
                 hope that PACIFIST will help them to be back!

CRACKING       - Without it, nothing was possible!

INTERNET       - The best  way to  make the  ST still  alive and  the people in
                 contact!

JAGUAR         - It would has been the "Playstation" if Atari wasn't so lame!

PLAYSTATION    - Good marketing from Sony...

NINTENDO 64    - ...

"LAMER" & "ELITE" - The difference between is not so big...

BSE ;-)        - ?

UNDERCOVER :-) - Wow... Impressive!


Q: What's the one thing you really can't stand?

A: Racism.... I can't understand  where  people  could found  races between two
   people. This is  stupid. In  ST Knights, due to the geographical position of
   our island, we  are all metis... And I can  tell you that we have all a dick
   as Hitler got (I think mine is much bigger! :-))
   The politicians like Jean-Marie LEPEN (French  leader of  the FRONT NATIONAL
   shit)  knows  that   there  is  no  races  between  all  the  human:  it  is
   scientificaly proved. But he uses this arguments because society is in a big
   crisis.
   If you look at children... they are not  racists. but if someone  tells them
   that a white is better than a black and so on, he will belive it...


Q: Good, I'd like to leave it there, and if you have a message for our readers,
   do it here...

A: yes! Net users, contact us at : http://www.runnet.com/STKNIGHTS


Right, many  thanks for  sparing us a  few minutes of your time, I wish you all
the best for your group and your future projects!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
