-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     INTERVIEW WITH: THE BEAST of TYPHOON
                           made by Moondog of .tnb.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Hi The Beast of Typhoon. First of all something about yourself. How old are you
and what do you do when you're not sitting in front of your computer?

- Well, first of  all: HELLO EVERYBODY!! I am 22 (I was born  in November 1974)
  and I am  currently studying  sociology in  Grenoble (a French city  near the
  Alps). Yes, it's  a  bit  strange 'coz  all  the  other  Atarians  I know are
  studying  physics, maths, informatics, and  so on. But  physics suck and I've
  done non-scientific  studies (OK, I don't know what  a fractal is, but  I can
  speak FOUR different languages!).


When did you first come into  contact with  computers, and what  was your first
machine? What sort of  computer do you  have  at home? What do  you enjoy doing
with your computer apart from programming, music making or painting?

- My first  machine? Errr... when I was 6 (in 1981), my father has built a sort
  of 8-bit computer (he  is electronician). He  has found  how to  make it in a
  magazine called "Elektor". It was a big  machine (bigger than  an ST), with a
  spooky hexadecimal  keyboard ("Hey, where is the "S" key?) and potentiometers
  instead  of  joysticks. This  game  computer had 1 Kb of memory (with another
  1 Kb  as an memory  extension... wow!) and  dozens  of games  on  audio tapes
  (Space Invaders, Hangman...). I've  played  a lot with it when I was younger.
  Did you know that the  sound processor  of this computer  is the same than on
  Amstrad CPC and Atari ST!? Now, this strange computer (I don't know its name)
  is sleeping in the cellar. I've tons of computers at home. I've got the world
  famous ZX-81 (and  another one if the first one breaks down) and I've made my
  first Basic programs  on it. But as I didn't have a tape recorder, I couldn't
  save all my shitty programs! Great!  8-)
  I've got a little 8-bit French computer called Alice 32. I've "coded" tons of
  Basic programs  with it (they're still on a tape!). After  this funny but not
  very  powerful computer, I've bought  a 1040 STE with  the SC 1435 monitor in
  January 91. That's my favorite machine. I was always playing or coding on it.
  The same year, my father have bought a PC 286 (12 MHz), a lame computer! Just
  before the New Year 1996, a  guy contacted  me 'coz he has  found Falcons for
  2.000 FF (about 400 $), so I've bought one in January 96 (TOS 4.04, HD 85Mb).
  Great  computer! Now, my  father  has got  a PC  with a  133 MHz  Pentium and
  another PC with a 100 MHz Pentium, but these are lame (even the P133) because
  of Windozz 95 ( <- IT SUCKS!)... But  I always use  my Falcon. I only use the
  PCs for  printing texts, networking  and playing  DOOM-like games with my two
  sisters. And  what about my future computers? Errr... I don't know!  8-) With
  my computer, I  enjoy playing  games (Civilization v2.59) and  doing the fool
  with the  audio abilities of  the Falcon. An example? Okay: last year I had a
  bad old teacher. A day, when he was shouting in the room class, I've recorded
  it on a tape. With my Falcon, I've sampled his speech and I've made a sort of
  techno remix  with it. I've  recorded  it onto  a classic  audio  tape and my
  classmates listened to it: they enjoyed the remix...  :)


I'd like to know a little about your background in the scene... how did you get
into the demo  scene? What were the first demo screens you have taken part in?
What was your first group before you have joined your current crew?

- I get into  the demo scene  with my  articles in  the Toxic Mag issues. Ok, I
  have made some  shit (DCK screens, don't laugh!) but  the first  step in  the
  demo scene  really  was my  contributions  to the  Toxic Mag. My  first  demo
  screens  were  GFA intros, but  nothing  serious. My  first crew was Epsilon,
  we've  made a  DCK megademo (called "A Travel in the Atarian World") and some
  compilations. But  some (lazy) members left the crew 'coz of PC and Amiga, so
  I left it too.


Can you  tell me something  about your current  group? What is your function in
this band  and can  you give me a  roundup of the  group (who's still going and
what are people doing)?

- Typhoon was created by Swappydoo (he has stopped  the ST now) when he was 15.
  He was a musician. I  arrived in Typhoon  in 95 (as  a coder) with Gao (a new
  graphist). We've made some ST Collections and music compilations. Some months
  after, Swappydoo left the  crew, Senser joined us (he was also known as Fresh
  from Reflection  before) and Gao  became Pur. We've  made tons of productions
  (ST Collections, Zik Disks...) and  loads of  articles  for the Toxic Mag. In
  96, Typhoon  became the  legal part  of Supremacy  and  Pur left the crew. My
  functions  are: coding (GFA), making  HTML  pages, graphist (a  little bit, I
  have drawn some Japanese-like drawings) and public relations. What is Typhoon
  in 1997? Senser  is still  tagging  logos (bitmap  and ASCII) and  I am still
  coding (GFA, HTML). I  am currently  looking  for new  members and a graphist
  called Quest has  joined us in May. Quest has wroten and still writes tons of
  articles for the Toxic Mag.


What about the projects of your group? Is there anything to come in the future?

- After one year  of absence, I've  finished the  ST Collection 10. It works on
  all  Atari computers (ST/STE/Falcon RGB/VGA). We  will make the ST Collection
  11 very soon (perhaps  during the Gigafun 97), some  Zik Disks and some slide
  show  too (Senser  has got  some ideas). I  would like  to make  a funny  and
  delirious  GFA demo but  I need time... The graphics are ready and some parts
  are already  coded. Maybe a  day? We have  also made  a (lame) screen for the
  Seduction Megademo by Effect. But  our biggest project is the HTML version of
  ALL the Toxic Mags!


... and how  do you  view the  large-scale  death  of the  Atari demo scene? At
present  it seems that  everything's  going down the  tubes. Do you think there
will be a resurrection of the scene, or will it die out slowly?

- "Resurrection" will  be the  name of  the next  ST Knights demo. I think some
  crews will  be back on  Atari because  the PC scene  is so big and so boring!
  Making a  3D mapped  cube is more  interesting  on ST than on PC! But I don't
  think  the Atari  demo scene  will die, it  is an evolution and some guys are
  both on  Atari and  PC (e.g.: Djamm/EKO). Moreover, don't  forget  the  young
  crews  from Eastern  Europe: coders  from POLAND, CZECH and  SLOVAKIA are now
  more and more famous... I'm waiting for your productions, dudezz!!!


Will you put your Falcon/ST in the corner one day and put a PC on your desk?

- I've already 2 PCs. My Ataris  are  on my  desk, the PCs  are in  the corner:
  that's different. Do you want to know why I love and respect Atari computers?
  Because they are DREAM MACHINES. PC is cold. That's all.


Right, before everything gets out of control here, here are a few subjects that
you can show your views on with a couple of words or a short paragraph.

ATARI             - A bunch of wankers. Of course they have made good and great
                    computers (ST, Falcon), but  they should study economy. The
                    problem is that Atari doesn't exist anymore since August 96
                    so...

FALCON            - Nice bird. And nice computer too, even if the 16-bit bus is
                    a shame.

AMIGA             - Er... good computers  even if the operating system is a bit
                    strange for me! Amiga 1200 demos are really great!

PC & MICROSOFT    - PCs are old computers and Pentium MMX are  pure shit. About
                    micro$oft (with an "m" and  not an "M"), their monopolistic
                    situation sucks. Bill Gates is a silly bugger. F*CK!

DEMOS IN GENERAL  - The first guy who coded a demo had  had a great idea. Demos
                    (especially when they're good) are a melting-pot of design,
                    high level coding, graphics and sounds. Demos are Artwork.

DEMO-SCENE        - A bunch of  active  guys (and  girls). The  demomakers  are
                    doing a great job (on C64, CPC, ST, Amiga, Falcon...).

CRACKING          - I've bought  an STE  because  of the  incredible  number of
                    cracked games. In  fact, at  the  beginning, I  didn't know
                    that  piracy was  forbidden (I was too young). But cracking
                    SHAREWARES is LAME!

INTERNET          - Nice way of communication, but the providers are making too
                    much profits (in France) : it costs a lot !

JAGUAR            - Big cat.

PLAYSTATION       - Great video game computer (and don't forget the SATURN!).

NINTENDO 64       - Shit. They will sell games  on cartridge and they will cost
                    a lot!

"LAMER" & "ELITE" - A lamer is a guy who rips other people's work (e.g.: Zarmi)
                    and "Elite" is a famous cracking band!  :)

BSE ;-)           - Beer, Sex and Elephants... ?

UNDERCOVER :-)    - A cool diskmag! Thanks to TNB for their job! And the intros
                    are very  good, even  if the coder  of the  intros does not
                    know how to stop Tao/Cream's SID tunes!  8-)


Apart from computers, what do you like doing in general (hobbies etc)?

- I like astronomy. I own a telescop and I enjoy  looking at stars very much. I
  also can look the Sun (with a  protection): great! My favorite  space objects
  are the Moon and Jupiter (I can see the Galilean satellites). I would like to
  see the Andromede galaxy but I don't know where it is...!
  My other hobby is: japanimation! I like  reading mangas (Japanese comics) and
  watching Japanese cartoons. My favourite mangas  are (in no order): Dr Slump,
  DNA2, Dragon  Ball, Tokyo Babylon, Magic Knight Ray-Earth, Blackjack, Fly (or
  Dragon Quest), Video Girl A‹... My favorite Japanese cartoons are: A Ghost in
  the  Shell, Akira, Captain  Harlock, Dragon  Ball (Z), Ranma  nibun  no ichi,
  Macross and so on.


What's the one thing you really can't stand?

- Being fucked by Bill Gates.


Good, I'd like to leave it there, and if you have a message for our readers, do
it here...

- Please love your Atari. A world made with PCs will be so ininteresting and so
  cold ! Believe me, the PC is not a great computer, you can't dream with it.

  Another message : if you understand french language then  read the Toxic Mag!
  We will  translate the most  important articles  in English for your pleasure
  (of course we can't translate about 500 Kb of articles).


Right, many  thanks for  sparing us a few  minutes of your time, I wish you all
the best for your group and your future projects!

- Thanxx a lot! Me too I wish you all the best for TNB & UnderCover DiskMag!!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
