THE DUTCH SCENE

---------------------------------------------------------------------

               THE DUTCH SCENE IN A NUTSHELL
                     - by Slimer -
---------------------------------------------------------------------

This article will give a short impression about history of the
dutch ST scene.
It was Eagle  of Sentry who gave me the idea to "close" the ST
era with an article about the dutch scene.
Well, i'm here behind a P.C.(at my work) and don't got much to do 
at the moment, so i wrote the following lines...
 
When the Atari ST got introduced back in 1985 there wasn't a
big computer scene.
It all started to get it's shape on the ST when several people
decided to form groups.
In the Netherlands it started all with groups like D(utch)
(M)uggers (A)ssociation, Disaster Area, MCA, 42 crew and some
others.

These groups didn't make big demo's in those days because
there was still much to be discoverd.
DMA did some digitising and cracking, most of you remember the
Farmsong porno demo's.
The Disaster Area did also digitising and sampling and brought
out the synte samples which featured pictures and samples. 
Crews like the 42 crew, Hotline and MCA did a lot of cracking
and spreading.
The Netherlands had many pirates and swappers in those days
and many cracking crews made money by selling software.

Later on most of the cracking crews joined together and formed
the Bladerunners.
This was the start of the battle of the number one position in
Europe.
Well, they released one crack after the other, giving the
other cracking groups a run for there money !
In those days there where about 60/70 programmes released each
month for the ST.
The Bladerunners didn't last long and about a year later it
became quiet on the scene.

Some time later a lot of groups formed a new group under the
name Aenigmatica.
They released a megademo called Genesis and some time later
an improved version of the demo got released(the remix). 
The Genesis demo is certainly one of the best megademo's ever
released by the dutch scene. 
Well Aenigmatica also split up and it was again quiet on the
dutch scene.
 
The only groups that did something in those days where Hotline
and some others.
They decided to from Elite because several foreign cracking
crews had joined also together.
We of the DBA decided to launch our magazine in that period
of silence.

It was only a short time afterwards when serveral new groups
popt up on the dutch scene.
Those where groups like Sentry, Armalyte and Synergy, the guys
from Synergy wheren't exactly new on the scene because some
of them came from the ruins of Aenigmatica(if i'm correct there ).
In 1991 we held a little party(meeting) in Drachten and we
invited Synergy, Armalyte and Sentry and some other guys.
I think that it was there that most of us got in touch with
each-other.

We of the DBA where doing better and better with the magazine
and we seemed to have confinced the people that we wheren't
just a bunch of "lamers" who could only code something in
basic.
After a short life Armalyte split up and some of it's members
joined Synergy.
Both Sentry and Synergy did some stuff for our magazine, it
was Synergy who did an almost classic intro for D.B.A. magazine
number 6.
There are still groups who try to beat this intro but till now
they didn't succeed.
Sentry released the Sentry Packer which became an often used
utility.

Some time later the Giants came to the scene, some members
came from several unknown dutch groups.
They did a demo(Look Who's Coding Too) and an intro for our magazine.

The situation hasn't changed much on the scene from that day on, i must 
say that the Dutch scene have many talented guys.
It's a shame that so many of them don't show their talents to
the outside world.

At the moment all dutch groups are working on several projects on
the Falcon, so you can expect some stuff from them soon!

---------------------------------------------------------------------

This article may contain some incorrect information but it's
difficult to look back on 7 years of changes.
If there people out there who want to correct some things in
this article then they are welcome to do so.
You can send your articles to the P.O. Box......

