THE FALCON STORY

---------------------------------------------------------------------

                        THE STORY BEHIND A FALCON
                             - by Slimer -

---------------------------------------------------------------------

I finally bought myself a Falcon 030 computer and i'm tapping happely
on it's keyboard at the moment.
The title of the article has probably given you another impression about
the Falcon and the man behind it.
Well to tell you the thruth i wasn't that happy at all when i tried to
buy one !
Let's start at the beginning.....

After some months of saving money, i finally reached the magic number
that gave me the possibility to buy a 4 meg machine !
So, i was really happy that i could afford one, then someone came along
who was interested in my old 1040 STf.
I sold the ST and now i could afford a Falcon with an internal 65 MB Hard
Disk.

That next afternoon (02-07-1993) i left for a place called Leeuwarden 
where they have a shop called Byte Computers.
But the people at Byte Leeuwarden weren't very nice, no on the contrary
they are a bunch of LAMERS !!
The make funny remarks to people who want to ask something about the
Falcon (Bonus knows what i'm talking about) !
So left the place quite angry and went to Groningen where another shop
from Byte computers is located.
Before i went to Groningen i went home and called them that i was coming
and i asked them if they had a scart adaptor.

The guy said i'm not quite shure but i think so......

I haden't much choice then to go to one of their shops because another
shop in Groningen couldn't deliver any Falcon's for some weeks to come.
So that left me only with some Byte shops in the north of the Netherlands
within "normal" traveling range !

I enterd the shop and the manager was busy helping a customer and another
guy was hanging on the phone.
The phone conversation was a private call and it took a bloody long time
before the guy was finished.....
So, i said to the guy i want a Falcon and a ST video(scart)adaptor and
a scart-cabel.
The jerk didn't know that the ST(scart)video adaptor existed but after 
a while of talking and explaining he finally understood what i ment !
He gave me a scart-cabel but he couldn't find an scart adaptor, guess 
what, only the shop in Leeuwarden had a few !

                                                  ~head.bl2~

                                                  


                        ~middel.bl2~
                                                   
                                              
 ~tale.bl2~




So the guy made a phone call to Leeuwarden and the bloke in Leeuwarden
would call back in a few minutes.
The bloke finally called back and the guy who "helped" me began a
conversation about his personal life over the phone.
The manager got fustrated to about the guy and grabbed the phone out of
of his hands.
He ordered the guy on the other side of the phone to deliver the adaptor
at a hotel in Drachten (where i live).

Finally i was sitting in the bus back with my Falcon and scart-cabel.
I dropped the stuff at my house and i went to the hotel to pick up the
adaptor.
As soon as i got home i connected my Falcon to the monitor and .......

Rhaaaaa instead of white a got the yellow color, the cabel wasn't good.
I connected the bloody thing with the TV instead and the picture was
quite clear !
When examed my disks and Hard-disk i discoverd that some programmes that
Atari delivers with the Falcon where missing.

Some days later i returned to the Byte Shop in Groningen and asked a new
cable and my software.
They hadn't any of the programmes that asked for and they really didn't
know what i was talking about.
I left the shop and walked a bit through the city, i decided to go to
that other Atari shop in Groningen who couldn't deliver those Falcon's.

It turned out to be a nice little shop with only Atari computers and i 
told the guy there about my software problems.
The guy was really nice and he called Atari for me to ask about the software.
Atari had promised me to send me the software as soon as possible.

Me and the guy from the shop have talked quite some time with each-other
about Atari and it's computers.
The guy was a member of an Atari users club with about 100 members, that
was interesting so we decided to stay in touch before i left.

Back in Drachten i bought a stereo audio cable for the Falcon to connect
it with my amplifier.
Everything worked when i tested it(including the scart-cable) and i started
typing this story right away ! 
Anyway i finally have my computer running properly, although there are a
few tiny remarks to make about the system !
You can find a roundup in the "Falcon Corner" about some of the more 
negative things of the computer.

Bonus has also bought a Falcon and he is already working on some little
projects on the machine.
We are busy collecting demo's and other usefull stuff to review in the
future magazine's.
If you have some nice demo's lying around please don't hesitate to send
them to us.
We have the obligation to push the Falcon has high as we can in the DBA
magazine.
 
See you in another article.....

