WONDERING

Things that are wondering in my mind!!!

Hello, it's been quite a long time that I wrote anything for the
D.B.A. Diskmagazine. But now the time has come to strike back!!!
So here I am in my room typing lotsa rubbish for the love-issue.

Quite a strange theme for a dutch disk-magazine don't you think
so?? I wonder what's the next theme "nitting and cooking"? I hope 
not,  because I think that such theme's get you mentally 
frustrated. Before you know it you're shooting your uzi empty
on a phone-boot shouting it's out of order. Just like in the 
movie "falling down."

Talking about movies, I have just seen on the English television
that they are going to label video-games on age. So if this is a
fact you cannot play some games if your under fifteen because 
there is to much violence in it. The main objection of the 
filmjury (who had judged some games) was that the games became
to realistic to show to kids. I think this is quite strange, 
because there have always been some very violent games, but 
this didn't matter because they where not realistic???

I think somebody here misses the big point. So you cannot
play certain games anymore but still Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck,
Road runner and many other characters can do many terrible
things to their opponent's. And what about the news? Will they
stop showing war's and national dissasters before the children
go to bed? I think not. 

Isn't it better for the children to get rid of their violence
behind their game-computer, in stead each other???
O.k. enough of that.

Talking about games you arrive directly at Falcon. I have read
the first review on one of the first games on the Falcon. The 
game is called Ishar if I'm not mistaking. It isn't completely 
Falcon enhanced, but it already had some pictures taken from 
the P.C. version. But there is more to come, and according to
Atari we can expect more from it. 

Talking about the Falcon, this is the reason that I didn't have 
time to write anything for the D.B.A. diskmagazine. Last week 
I had a holiday, and I had to work very hard to get myself some
money to buy a Falcon. So if anybody out there feels sorry for
me, feel free to donate any money to me. You don't have to 
worrie, your money will be spend very well, and everytime
I touch the keyboard of my brandnew Falcon I will think of you!

By the way rumour has it that SEGA is buying one of the channels
of the new Astra 1C, and that they will shoot games up in the 
air. So that every SEGA owner with a dish and a special decoder
can play games on that channel. The SEGA owner can upload the 
games directly from the SEGA channel. If I'm correctly informed,
Nintendo had tried something out like this with a local cable-
network, and they say to keep it this way. Nintendo doesn't
have plans yet to send games out by dish.

About rumours and other gossip, according to some sources Intel 
has a few problems with Micro-Soft. And Micro-Soft is 
considering to put a Motorola in their new computers.

To me this all seems very strange. Let's say that this is a fact
than can anybody out there explain the new campain: "Intel 
Inside"? 
If there where really problems between Micro Soft and Intel then
the commercials where never shown to the public. But who am I?

But I think I will stop right here for two reasons:
- My brain is empty and overworked.
- It's late, and I have to get the early train to go to school 
tomorrow.

So bye, and let me thank all the Falcon-donators already
Thanks!!!

O.T.M.(Sleepy and brain-dead!)

