FATE OPINION
~CROSS.FIL~
          -- ABUSE OF THIS MAGAZINE --
                                                           ~PENPAPER.BLK~
What you are about to read now, is the author's private 
opinion. You might agree, you might not. I want to express 
very clearly that this article expresses a single person's 
view, and not the magazine policy, although I do advise the 
rest of the Magazine Team to read and think carefully.

Today is the 5th of June 1994. I've started reading the new 
magazine (#10) about an hour ago, and liked it a lot. 
Except for one thing. Again, a 'faithful' person tried to 
invade my mind with this Jesus dude (who, by the way, has 
never proved more expressively his nonexistence than in 
present time, but this is a matter of faith, not opinion). 
I personally do not care about people believing in Jesus, 
God, Buddha, Haile Selassie, Lou de Palingboer, David 
Koresh, their goat or Frank Sinatra, as long as they don't 
bother me with it. I am not a non-believer, but my belief 
is personal and I don't expect people to think the same 
way. It is their choice. And I am not the one who is going 
to tell them my truth.

Therefore, I do not approve of anyone trying to influence 
other people's moral freedom. Like this Finnish guy in 
Issue 10. He insisted on not committing suicide but 
listening to Jesus. Although I am not trying to push anyone 
into a fatal act of self-destruction, I do think that 
everybody has to have the ultimate control over his/her own 
live. NOBODY has the right to influence anyone in these 
matters. 

What is he trying to do? Abusing the computer scene to 
convert people into Christianity? I think it's a good thing 
he comes out with his opinion, but starting to look like a 
Jesus-maniac is something quite different. It is scary in a 
sense of way. So here comes a special message:

Juha, people read this magazine because they're interested 
in the computer scene. They all are fairly intelligent (I 
hope they are because of the spelling errors) and they're 
wise enough to form their own opinion, just like you seem 
to have been doing. Don't you think your energy is more 
wanted in other fields? The readers won't change a thing 
because of your articles, because they are  a) in the wrong 
place  b) at the wrong time  c) in a wrong tone. Please, do 
yourself and others a favour, and don't bother me and 
others with your belief. Let us live our own lives. We are 
up to it.

Havoc
~BROWN.PAL~