MY FAITH
~CROSS.FIL~

Well, once again I, SANDMAN  of  ANIMAL  MINE, have written an article
for D.B.A. Magazine... This time  I'm  gonna  tell  you a little story
about what has happened to me. And this story is about my faith.

Faith is not very common subject among us computer-freaks. Maybe there
are couple of believers,  but  they're  afraid  of telling it, because
they might lost their reputation as 'hard guys'. How ridiculous!

Well, let's get to  the  beginning.  I  was  in  one  of those 'weird'
conventions of christians (my  mother  had  made  me  to  go there). I
thought it was ok to be christian, but that kind of life was certainly
not for me. I liked drinking alcohol,  being 'cool' and living my life
without religion. I thought that believing in Christ was just for some
poor and weak people.

How wrong I was! Suddenly when I was listening to one of those gospel-
songs, I began to HEAR. I mean  that  I really understood for the very
first time, what was the  point  of  being  christian. The singer sang
this way:
                Who will pay the ransom, who will pay the price?
                Who's gonna pay for my freedom,
                Oh Lord, and who's gonna pay for my life?

                I was a poor sinner living in bondage.
                You know it hurt so bad that I cried,
                But then the Lord paid the ransom
                With the blood of Jesus Christ.

                (Ransom/Perry and the poor boys)

And that was it! The Holy Spirit  showed  me the truth, and I realized
that I was a sinner. I  needed  Jesus  Christ  to defend me before the
God. And after that convention  I  told  my mother that I'm desperate,
and I don't know how to avoid the doom that I have deserved.

At that point my mother (who is  a  believer, of course!) praid to God
for me. She told me that I can  be  free from my past, and all my sins
were gone. The blood of Jesus Christ made me free, and I hope that you
may find this same truth in your life too.

How has this effected in my  computing?  Well,  not very much, when it
comes to the outside of  computer-business.  But nowadays computing is
not my life, it is just one  hobby, which I find interesting. And also
it gives me a chance to testify to the other fellows on the scene... I
know that you computer-dudes are not so interested in going church, so
it may be very important, that I can tell you about the truth.

I have noticed that satanism on the computer-scene has become more and
more popular. I think that many people are just playing like kids with
this subject, and they think that it  is  cool. But I warn you! You're
dealing with forces that you  don't  know.  Heaven  exists and so does
hell. If you play with satan, you're in trouble, remember that!

And even not being in touch with devil is not going to save your soul.
You can be as 'good' as  you  want,  but  without Jesus Christ you are
going to hell! Even  Mother  Theresa  would  go  to hell without being
saved by Jesus Christ. I  have  nothing  more  to  say now. God richly
bless you!

P.S.    I know this article maybe hard for you to believe, but I had
        to do it. If I had not done  this,  I should have stopped my
        computer-activities,  because I can't live two lives at same
        time!

"I tell you the truth, no-one can see  the kingdom of God unless he is
born again. ... I tell you the  truth, no-one can enter the kingdom of
God unless he is born of  water  and  the Spirit. Flesh gives birth to
flesh, but the Spirit gives birth to spirit." (Jesus Christ)

                    Juha Vihriala alias SANDMAN/ANIMAL MINE 20.5.1993.





