FALCON SCENE BY HAVOC
~DUST.FIL~

THE ATARI FALCON SCENE ACCORDING TO HAVOC
                                          'Life stinks, as well as
                                          some guys at school'
                                          Confuckius

Good morning to y'all, it's Havoc on the keys after a far too long period 
of absence. I've just had a conversation (an act of interactivity, for that 
matter) with Slimer on the (non-digital) phone, which took me about 2 
hours. It was one of the shortest talks I've ever had with him. I believe 
we both can be classified as 'lulhannesen'.

The past year has brought me a lot of new experiences. It was the first 
year in my life that I wasn't obsessed by one subject at a time. I was, in 
fact, obsessed by multiple subjects, most of them at the same time, most of 
them all the time. But now the time has come to become active for my 
favourite magazine once more.

At the moment I'm writing this (May '95), the Falcon scene seems to be quite 
small but, nevertheless, quite active. The first few months of this year 
have brought us some of the first decent releases for the machine, apart 
from demos. Demos have been, and will be the major part of the software on 
the Falcon. In february, I received the first good game released on a Birdie 
system (to be precise, it's Obsession Pinball). Other games, like for 
instance Robinson's Requiem or Moonspeeder, look promising, but are in bad 
need of some improvement either in gameplay, or in speed. The thing that 
would really make my day is a not-so-complex Falcon-only strategy game in 
the style of Civilization or Sim City.

So-called 'professional' software has been better than the games ever since 
the Falcon was first sold, but it's a blatant insult to the freaks that 
there still isn't any sign of either a good Protracker-style music program 
with more than four channels, or a good graphics program, suited to make 
screen-only pictures. Some people might argue that there are a lot of demo 
versions of both of these, but then again, what use is a demo-version, apart 
from displaying pictures or playing modules? Zilch. I want to edit 'em. 
That's what I bought this computer for in the first place, I don't care 
what it could do in theory, I want it to work right now.

A lot of people (especially in the UK, it seems) are regarding Black 
Scorpion Software as some sort of saviours of the Atari universe, but I'm 
beginning to doubt if they'll ever release anything. After roughly 350 
thousand demo versions of their projects, we're left with just one fully 
functional program (the BOBtracker, which adds little new functions to the 
MODplayers already available). APEX Media certainly shows great potential, 
but it's design seems to get more important than it's practical use. A 
stupid bonehead like me just doesn't understand why he can't buy it anywere. 
I do want to stress here that I don't have any prejudice against BSS, I just 
want to see or be able to buy some definitive versions of their software. 
Perfection isn't the main object in life, guys.

What about the hardware side of life? Various strange stories about Falcy 
future have reached the scene in the last few months, but the only thing 
that does seem to be certain is that the Falcon concept was sold to some 
American MIDI-company (I vaguely remember it was Sound Technologies or 
something alike). Many freaks seem to be happy about this move, expecting 
improved Falcons to be released in the near future. In my opinion, they are 
far from being realistic. What has the MIDI-scene brought us in the last ten 
years? Absolutely nothing. Can you recall any program or product produced by 
a MIDI company that was useful to non-MIDI-users in the last decade? Doesn't 
anyone remember that back in the good old ST days, there were three types of 
Atari owners (freaks, users and MIDI-midgets), of whom the last were 
extremely little interested in keeping the scene alive, if not willing to 
destroy it? And even if this MIDI-company decides to release an improved 
Falcon, would you fancy paying a few hundred bucks more for thirteen 
perfectly stabilised audio inputs and outputs, or eight MIDI-thru ports and 
built-in wave table sounds? Maybe I'm overreacting at the moment, but that's 
just the way I see it. I sincerely hope I'm wrong.

In order to put an end to this tirade, I guess it's wise to praise the 
people who deserve to be praised: the scene. Scene members, freaks, 
would-be's, have-been's and will-be's, listen to this: YOU keep the spirit 
alive! The scene is alive and kicking, and that won't change until we quit! 
At the moment you are reading this, the Bremen party will probably be behind 
us, and I hope (and strongly suspect) that it has given us the courage and 
the force needed to keep the good work up. Therefore, respect is due to the 
Indepedent, who give the scene a chance to reinforce themselves. I predict a 
big party, not so much in terms of productivity, but more in terms of unity, 
the only thing that can (and will) save our mutual interests.

Respect us, reject the fuss, Giants in 1995.
Havoc / Giants
Dunantstraat 8
NL-6941 BW  Didam
The Netherlands
~YELLOW.PAL~ 
