THE GOOD SHEPHERD
~BALLS.FIL~

                "I myself will tend my sheep and make them
                 lie down, declares the  Sovereign LORD. I
                 will search for  the  lost and bring back
                 the strays.  I  will  bind up the injured
                 and strengthen  the  weak,  but the sleek
                 and the strong  I  will  destroy. I  will
                 shepherd the flock with justice."

                                          Ezekiel 34:15,16


Well, there you can read what God's Word says about the Good Shepherd.
But who is that Good  Shepherd?  Of  course  he is Jesus Christ, God's
only Son. He is the one who shepherds the flock with justice. But now,
let's take a closer look at Ezekiel 34:16.

"I will search for the lost and bring back the strays." What does that
mean? Have you ever known Jesus?  No?  Do  you  know that your soul is
about to live forever, either in  hell  or  in Heaven? No? Well, now I
can tell you that! You're a  sinner!  You deserve the horrors of hell!
But I have some good news for you.  Jesus is the Good Shepherd, who is
searching for the lost! He  wants  to  find you and forgive everything
you have done! How wonderful Shepherd indeed: He does not only forgive
you all the sins, but He also  leads  you to the eternal life with the
Allmighty God.

But what about strays? Are you  a  stray? Perhaps you have believed in
Jesus in your childhood, but now  you  have  given up the faith. Well,
Jesus is faithful. He wants to bring  back the stray. The power of His
blood is more than you can understand.  Jesus is the Good Shepherd who
hasn't turned his back to you, when you have turned your back to Him.

Are you injured? Perhaps the world  has  damaged you badly and you are
now suffering. Listen to this: "I  will  bind up the injured..." Jesus
doesn't hurt you. He loves you. He wants to bind up injured people and
give them a peace of mind. Come  on, kneel before the Great Doctor, it
won't cost you anything.

Also that mighty Good Shepherd  wants  to  strengthen the weak. Do you
feel like you are too weak to  resist sin? Jesus gives you the stregth
that you need. Or do you  think  that  you  are too weak to testify of
your faith to Jesus? He is still  there.  He  is eager to give you the
strength to testify...

"...the sleek and the strong I  will  destroy." What is this? It means
that if you think you're able  to  stand before the living God without
Jesus Christ, you'll be destroyed.  Any  of  us  is not good enough to
meet the holy God without the blood of Jesus Christ.

                "For God so loved the world that he gave his
                 one and only Son,  that whoever believes in
                 him shall  not  perrish  but  have  eternal
                 life."

                                                   John 3:16

Jesus is the only hope for us  blind  people. He is the salvation that
God has sent to us. Believe in Him today, tomorrow may not exist... If
you now want to start following Jesus,  just  tell it to Him. Tell Him
that you're a hopeless sinner,  who  wants  to  start a new life. Tell
Jesus how sorry you are about your  sins  and your hate to God and ask
Him to forgive you. Ask Jesus to  enter  your life as your saviour and
your lord. If you ask that kind  of  thing  in your prayer, you can be
sure that Jesus hears  you.  And  remember  to  start reading the Holy
Bible and start meeting other christian people. They will help you, if
you have some kind of troubles in your life.

   May the crucified and resurrected lord Jesus Christ be with you!


                                             Juha Vihriala 31.10.1993.
~MINT.PAL~





