THE BRAINWAVE LAB.

The Brainwave lab.

Okay let get started...
-----------------------

The Atari ST/STE series can do a lot on many different aspects as
there are textprocessing, MIDI, DTP, games or control extended hard
ware. The Brainwave Lab is one of these extended hardware items you
can use with your Atari. This nice piece of hardware was send to us
by Marc Marc computers in Amsterdam. So we at the D.B.A. HQ contected
the pair of Brain  Wave glasses to our ST and tested it for you !!!.

What is it all about ?
----------------------

Brain Wave, what does it do ???? It's nothing to get afraid off, I
can assure you that so let me tell you what it is used for.

Are you tired, tension on work or in sparetime, or just looking for a
"cosmic orgasm" ????. Then get a relaxing brain wave. That's what the
Brain Wave is for. With the use of a pair special glasses with fitted
in LED light's (LED's are low power lights) and the software you can now
relax without any disturbance. 
Once attacted you can hear rhythmics sounds (MIDI or just soundchip) and
synthesizer patterns. This rhythmic sound and the flashing lights will
have a nice and wide effect on your relaxing.

The different frequencys can relate to a certain state of mind. For 
example ALFA waves give a relaxed feeling and a increase of creativeness.
BETA waves are those that are most commen in the daily use. THETA waves
are mostly found we you are almost falling asleep, an almost dream state
and DELTA waves are the waves you send if you are asleep of meditating.
   
a Britisch science C.Maxwell Cade studied these different waves and
he came to 5 discoveries:

1 High BETA activity in the left brainhalf. This one is for the
  attention from the outside.

2 Alfa rhythmics are in both brainhalfs. A person is in a relax state.

3 ALFA Blocking. A passieve state of mind with a strong alert sence but
  a deep relax state.

4 ALFA and THETA waves are on both brainhalfs. A stat of mediatition.
  The person is calm, but very aware of things that are happening around
  him/her

5 The awaking spirit. Very strong Alfa waves of 16 to 18 Hz. A feeling
  of happiness is taking over.

FREQUENCY RANGE GUIDE 
Delta :  1.5 -  3.2 Hz : Sleep
Theta :  3.2 -  7.5 Hz : Dreaming/Trance/Relaxation
Alpha :  7.5 - 15.5 Hz : Meditation/Anti-srtess.Calmness
Beta  : 13.5 - 30.0 Hz : Alertness/concentration/Creativity/Vitality

 That all these waves have a positive working on you is a long fact.
In Australia some very old tribes were using sound as a healing remedy
or to put them in trance.

Reqiured hardware.
------------------

The BWL program needs the 400 Kilo bytes to operate.

It will run on both high and medium resolution.

It will support all partitions available when you start up.
BUT:If you do not have a "B" drive, do not try to enter this partition! 

You are advised to test out all your valid partitions first to make 
sure that everything operates like it should be. The PRG is tested 
extensivly with a SH204 harddisk on "C","D","E" and "F", a Atari "A"
drive and a Cumana "B" drive.

 
How it works.
-------------

Working woth the Brain Wave Lab is easy. You connect the special glasses
with the connector to the printer port. You load the program, in this 
case the mini Brain Wave Lab and off you go...
In the program you can control all aspects of the glasses and the sound.
For a quick start there is a small list of this you must do to see
the pre made session. The first 8 minuts of this session the brain gets
THETA ritmes send in, they have a conscious expanding effect. The freq-
euncy of the sounds and lightflashes will get faster after awhile and
one "dissapears" into another world. After that its time for some DELTA
waves, they will put the user in a deep meditation state. These  waves
will flow over in ALFA waves, and they will "heal the damaged cells" in 
your body.  The hole session will be ended with some THETA waves to get
back to the real world...

There are also lots of ways to make your own session, or just to exper-
iment with the sound and light effects. Here is a brief information of
what you can do with the program.

Under the function keys you can save about 80 pre sets (from 0.01 to 100
Hz), they can all be saved again to a 100 steps sequencer. This sequencer
has also a delay and a loop function. There is also the possebility to
send different frequencys to each eye and if u also have a headphone to
each ear if you are using the proper MIDI mdule. By the way, every Midi
soundsource will be supported by the program. Each LED light can vari in
pluswide and intensity and so the user can program itself. For every 
logical phase of each LED you can program a differnent sound. So with
2 LED's you have 4 logical phases. Also the complete soundchip of the 
Atari ST can be controlled. And with the extended version of the Brain
Wave glasses you can even use different colors for each eye...

The end...
----------

So what the end of all this. Its very difficult to explane this piece
of nice hardware. You must try it out to see what you can do with it.
There are often given session on big meetings as in Eindhoven last time,
so if you really want to know what it does i only can advice you to take
part of one on these. Then you will know if it has any effect on your 
state of mind. One is for sure, you must have an open mind for these
kind of things and not force yourself to it cause then it will surtenly
not work. Also this device will not have any strange/dangers effects on
you as many people seem to say. There is only a small waring to a group
of persons.
   Those who are using a pacemaker or suffer from any form of
   brain seizures, epilepsy or anything else which indicates  
   an oversensitivity for light flashing and/or pulsed sound, 
   should not use The Brain Wave Lab without first consulting
   a doctor. 
   Extensive studies of the long term effects have not been
   performed. 

We at the D.B.A. HQ think it is a nice piece of hardware for relaxing
but not to joke with. If you use it read the manual good to avoid any
mistakes in use and if you really give yourself "over" to the device you
can relax. But as i said earlier you must have a "open" mind for it.
If you want more information of the Brain Wave Lab then write to 

                            Marc Marc
                            Rozengracht 178c
                            1016 NK Amsterdam
                            The Netherlands

They can tell you all about prices, special soft and hardware and 
everything else you want to know. And please state were you got the
info from so we get som more hardware from forms we can test and show
to you readers ....
Also thanx to Marc Marc for sending us the Mini Lab for testing, and
the possebility to give it away in our contest !!!

Yes this is the new price you can win, so everybody that is intrested in
The Brain Wave Lab, here is your chance to win one !!! Look in the
submenu CONTEST for more details....
        
                                               Bonus Software                                                        
 
                                        
