TRAK-BALL TO MOUSE


TRACKER MOUSE OR "How to re-build your trak-ball to a ST mouse"

Yee, well here is a real good one. I use a trak-ball instead of a mouse
almost since i have an ST and i can tell you once you worked with it you
don t wanna a mouse anymore...

The advantage of the trak-ball is that it doesn't roll of the table, stands
where ever,can be used when ever.By that i mean you don't have to use a free
piece of table to move the mouse arrow around. Take it in your hands an away
you go. It also needs less care, you don't have to clean it every week cause
it's so dirty it won't move. The cable connected to it will not break that 
often (lots of people seem to manage to break the cable more then once),
to say won't break at all.

So if you really want,  you can make your trak ball from the old Atari XL 
work on the ST. BUT you must have at least a soldering iron and a bit of 
technic feeling to do this. If you mis one of the above you better let some
one else make it for you. We won't take any responsibility if anything goes 
wrong and your ST goes up in smoke !!!.

WHAT YOU NEED FOR THIS RE_BUILDING...

- A real Atari trak-ball
- A soldering-bolt
- Some solder
- A screw driver to unscrew the case of the trak ball
- A Stanley knife or pocket knife.
- A new cable (With at least 8 of the 9 pins connected in the plug !!)
  the old one isn't good anymore cause it only has 7 connected.
- A multi power meter or if you don't have one 2 pieces of wire a little 1.5
  volt lamp an a 1.5 volt battery will do.


Oke you're still reading so now it's up to you. In the folder/ unter the but
ton
"PICTURES" on this disk ia a picture called "TRAKMOUS". This picture is a
diagram of how to connect the new cable to your trak_ball.

The best thing you can do is print the text or the picture on the printer,
and then begin with the re-building. 

PART 1  Open the trak ball...

Oke now turn the trak ball over, so the ball is on the table. Now remove
the rubber feets, cause they are hidding the screws. You can do this by
gently pressing the screwdriver against it for the side. If there all off
then you can unscrew the screws. If they are all unscrewed turn the trak
ball over again, so the ball comes up again. WATCH that the screws don t 
fall on the floor !!!!. Now you can open the hatch by lifting it.

If everything is oke you will see something like it is drawn on the TRAK
MOUS picture. You can also see that the old cable of the trak ball is
connected by plugs. You can remove them by lifting the print a bit up
and push the plugs off. The cable is now loose. 

Now you are arived to a bit tricky part. You will now have to pop the
switch loose, the one with TB and JS standing op it. Inside the trak
ball you can see to clips keeping it on his place. You must now bend 
the case a bit so the switch can come up. I know , it seems tricky and
yes it is but it can be don...

If you have popped out the switch the cable can be removed.

Part 2 The new cable..

Yes Well if everything is oke you have bought a new joystick cable
and on one end there is a connector and on the other side a bunch of
colored wirses. Now comes, what color wire belongs to what pin ????
Is the red one pin 9 or 4 or....

Well now you have to use the multi meter or the wire, battery and lamp
If you have a multi meter, you can put in on OHMS, if not you must make
something first...

Take the soldering iron, heat it up. Take the piece of wire and the lamp.
Atache the piece of wire on the end of the lamp, the little black point,
and solder it. Take another piece of wire an atache it to the side of
the lamp, the gold liking part. Well if you have don that take the 1.5
volt battery and atache the wire to the battery, and solder it..
Well now you have made your own meter, a bit primitiev but it will work.
How ??? well by puting the end thats left into the connector,and take
one of the cable wires. If the lamp burns that the right on and you
can write it down, if it doesn t burn try another one. Just as simple is 
that.
For the multi meter it goes the same, put one of the pins into the con
nector and the other one to one of the cables wire. If you have a see
the arrow move its the right one and else try another one.

For example write it down like:
 pin1 = red wire
 pin2 = yellow wire
 etc...

If you  have had them all on paper the take a closer look at the picture
There is a piece of text on which wire goes to which place on the print.
But first put the cable trough the case, later it won t fit anymore.
Then take the print and solder the wires on the right place on the print
 and keep good looking on the picture.

Special note: Number 8 thats a special one. After you solderd it on the 
root you have to cut the root that is there behind the piece you solderd
or else the two buttons will still function as one. By cutting the root
they will act like to different buttons.
Number 9 and 10 well these two are atached to the pins pointing out of the
print.

If you have don all this, it testing time. Check before you plug the conne
ctor in if nothing hits another, and i mean pieces of wire making contact
were they should not. Now you can test it.

The best thing you can do is typing the GFA listing in that stand below.
Its easy, if the left button is pressed the MOUSEK will be 1 if the right
button is presse MOUSEK will be 2 and pressing both will give 3.
Moving the ball around will make that the MOUSEX and MOUSEY change.

GFA BASIC

DO
 PRINT AT(1,1);MOUSEX, MOUSEY, MOUSEK
 SHOWM
LOOP  

If everything works you can put it together, if not check every wire
if its good atached, check if the connector is insert good, and check
if you took the right colored piece of wires and soldered it to the right
place on the print...

Well thats it i really hope you will enjoy your trak mouse, and
see you next time in the HARDWARE item...

                                        BONUS SOFTWARE..,

P.s. its on your own risk, making this, so be carefull !!


 

