AUDIO FAQ 7

12.8 What makes the best FM radio antenna?
 Although there is no "best" antenna for everyone, one of the 
 most directional is the "rhombic".  Being very directional, this 
 antenna can select one weak station out of many strong ones, or 
 one group of stations originating from a general direction.  
 This antenna is very long, and made up of four pieces of wire 
 with feedline at one end for antenna connections and a resistor 
 at the other for termination.  Rhombics for FM broadcast band 
 use are at least 15 feet (4.5 meters) long, but can be made 
 fairly narrow, less than 3 feet (1 meter) wide.  A more narrow 
 antenna will be more directional. A longer antenna will give a 
 stronger signal.

 Another very directional antenna is the "yagi", which looks just 
 like a common TV antenna.  You can even use a common TV antenna 
 as a very good FM antenna.  The FM and TV bands are very close 
 together.  It has the advantages of being cheap, directional, 
 and easy to rotate.

 One of the simplest and easiest to make antennas is the folded 
 dipole, made from 300 ohm twin lead.  It is approx. 58" long.  
 This antenna is surprisingly good for receiving signals in a 
 moderately strong signal area.  Folded dipoles come with many 
 tuners and receivers as a standard accessory.  They are also 
 available for approximately $2 at audio and department stores.
 
 Whatever antenna you have, you can often get it to work better 
 for specific stations by moving it.  In the case of the folded 
 dipole, sometimes it works better vertically, and other times it 
 works best horizontally.  Sometimes, you can get that one 
 elusive station to come in perfectly if you bend the two ends of 
 it at funny angles.  Don't be afraid to experiment.  One 
 warning.  As atmospheric conditions change, the best antenna 
 placement may also change.

 An excellent reference book on antennas is printed by the 
 American Radio Relay League (ARRL).  It is called The ARRL 
 Antenna Book.  Currently in its 16th edition, it is a 736
 page large, illustrated paperback.  It costs $20 plus s/h.
 It has fairly complete antenna theory, practical information
 such as charts, drawings, comparisons, and tips on construction
 and adjustment.  The ARRL is founded and chartered as a 
 non-profit organization to better amateur radio, and antennas
 are a vital part of amateur radio.
  American Radio Relay League
  225 Main Street
  Newington CT 06111 USA
  203-666-1541

 Also useful:
  Practical Antenna Handbook by Joseph J. Carr
  Tab Books #3270/McGraw Hill - ISBN 0-8306-3270-3

12.9 What about power line conditioners?
 Each home and each outlet has slightly different power line 
 impedance and power line noise.  Each amplifier is effected by 
 power line impedance and power line noise differently.  Power 
 line conditioners try to reduce this line noise.  Some also 
 change the power line impedance in a way which is supposed to be 
 better.  We will leave it to your ears to decide if these 
 devices help the sound of your system enough to justify their 
 expense.

12.10 How can I reduce vibration sensitivity?

12.11 What equipment can I buy that is 100% made in the USA?
 There are many lines of equipment that are carefully hand 
 crafted in the USA.  Unfortunately, these systems are usually 
 the high-end ones.  Some US companies also make gear in the 
 far east. When in doubt, ask. Some US audio manufacturers are:
  Adcom (some made in Japan)
  Audio by Van Alstine
  Audio Research
  California Audio Labs (CAL)
  Carver (some made in Japan)
  Jeff Rowland
  Krell
  Mark Levinson
  McCormack
  McIntosh
  Parasound
  Proceed
  PS Audio
  Spectral
  Waida

13.0 Listening Rooms and Houses

13.1 How should I place speakers in my room?  What size room is best?
 You are after two important, distinct goals: flat frequency
 response and good three-dimensional image.  At your disposal is
 the room size, the room shape, speaker height, speaker 
 placement, listening position, and room treatments.  Even though
 good speakers are essential to good sound, room effects are also
 extremely important.  In many cases, the differences in room
 effects will be more noticeable than spending twice as much on
 speakers!

 For smoothest bass response, a listening room should be as large
 as possible, have dimensions as unrelated as possible, and 
 should be optimally damped.  Although nothing is ever ideal, 
 there are a few room dimension ratios that are better for 
 listening rooms:
  Height  Width  Length
  1  1.14  1.39
  1  1.28  1.54
  1  1.6  2.33
 If your room isn't shaped like that, don't worry.  These 
 effects are not major.  

 Also for smooth bass response, woofers should be at distances 
 from the nearest three room boundaries that are as different as 
 possible.  In some cases, the line dividing the listening room 
 into left and right halves must be considered a room boundary.  
 Also, for smooth bass response, the listener's ears should be 
 at distances from the nearest three room boundaries that are 
 as different as possible.  

 All of this is essential because a wall near a speaker boosts
 the bass from that speaker at some frequencies.  If a speaker
 is the same distance from three walls, then some frequencies
 will be emphasized much more than others, rather than slightly
 more.

 For best three-dimensional image, a listening room should have 
 good symmetry about the plane between the two speakers.  This
 means that if one speaker is in a corner, the other speaker
 must be in a corner.  If this symmetry is not right, the first
 reflection from the wall behind one speaker will be different
 from the first reflection from the wall behind the other speaker
 and critical parts of the stereo signal will be damaged.

 Also, no large object should block the path from speakers to 
 listener or from speaker to speaker.  Speakers should be 
 elevated so that tweeters are at listener ear height.  The 
 distance between speakers should be no greater than the distance 
 from each speaker to the listener.  Finally, the tweeters should 
 be aimed at the listeners.

 A normal box-shaped listening room with bare walls will have 
 "slap echo" which will reduce intelligibility.  A good cure is 
 randomly-placed wall hangings consisting of small rugs spaced 
 an inch or so away from the wall to increase sound absorption.  
 Another cure is convex-shaped art objects on the walls to 
 disperse harmful reflections.  If money is available, commercial
 room treatments such as "Tube Traps" and "RPG Diffusers" are
 also valuable, but many of the benefits of these exotic devices
 are available with simpler techniques.

 As a general rule, in a good room, speakers and listener can be 
 close to room boundaries with minimal adverse effects.  In a bad
 room, a good strategy is to place both speakers and listener as 
 far away from room boundaries as possible.  

 An excellent starting point for speaker placement is to measure 
 the listening room diagonal dimensions.  Divide that measurement 
 by three.  Put each speaker that distance from a corner, on the 
 room diagonals.

  I-----------------------------------I
  I                                   I
  I                 L                 I
  I                                   I
  I        S                 S        I
  I                                   I
  I-----------------------------------I

 Place your listening position midway between the two speakers 
 and approximately half way from the speakers to the wall.  Be 
 sure that there is nothing in the "triangle" formed by the 
 listening position and the speakers.

 Try this and then move things 12" (30cm) at a time to see if 
 you can improve the sound.  Your ears will be a better guide
 than any commonly-available instruments.  To keep track of
 what you are doing, take notes.  To remember exactly where
 you put the speaker on the floor, a practical trick is to
 mark the floor with a sewing needle and thread.

13.2 How do I wire a house for sound?
 A fundamental principle of physics is that the farther a signal
 travels, the more the signal will be degraded.  Translate this 
 to mean that the shorter the wire, the better.  Understanding 
 this, the idea of running speaker cable between  every room of 
 the house isn't as attractive as it first seems. 

 If you still decide to wire your house for sound, you should do 
 it at the same time you're wiring for telephone and electricity.  
 It is possible to wire a house after the walls are closed, but 
 it becomes very difficult.

 It is economical to use common house wire (Romex, UF, NM, etc) 
 for speaker wire in the walls, but this may violate building 
 codes.  Check with an electrician or inspector first.  It will 
 also confuse future electricians, so label the wire clearly, all 
 along its length.  

 If you want to make your house like a recording studio, it is 
 best to use the techniques of recording studios.  When studios 
 run long lengths of sound cable from one room to another, they 
 drive the cable with 600 ohm line amplifiers.  They also use 
 shielded, twisted-pair cable.  They only connect the shield at 
 one end of the cable.  Finally, they use balanced inputs at the 
 other end of the cable.

13.3 Where can I read more about listening room construction and tuning?
 "Building a Recording Studio" by Jeff Cooper
  Mix Bookshelf
 "Handbook for Sound Engineers"
 "The Master Handbook of Acoustics" by F Alton Everest
 "Sound Engineering 2nd Edition" by Don and Carolyn Davis;
  Howard W. Sams & Co. (C) 1990
 "Good Sound" by Laura Dearborn
  Introductory, but clear and accurate
 "Sound Recording Handbook" by John M. Woram
  Howard W. Sams & Co. #22583
  Excellent General Reference
 "Audio Technology Fundamentals" by Alan A. Cohen
  Howard W. Sams & Co. #22678
  Overview of Audio Theory
 "Introduction to Professional Recording Techniques"
  by Bruce Bartlett
  Howard W. Sams & Co. #22574
 "Modern Recording Techniques" by Hubar and Runstein
  Howard W. Sams & Co. #22682
 "Sound Studio Production Techniques"
  by Dennis N. Nardantonio
  Tab Books

14.0 Recording
 There are more different recording systems available today than 
 ever before.  Digital and analog are both available to the 
 consumer.  With the advent of consumer digital recorders, used 
 pro analog recorders are becoming available for surprisingly low 
 prices.  Now may be the time for you to buy a microphone and 
 recorder and make your first!

14.1 What is DAT?  What is its status today?
 DAT (Digital Audio Tape) is currently the standard professional
 digital format for 2-track digital recording.  DAT had a 
 short-lived consumer presence, but never "made it".  As digital 
 recorders have no tolerance for clipping, using a DAT recorder 
 takes a slightly different knack.  The results can be worth it, 
 however, as DAT format offers the same resolution and dynamic 
 range as CDs.  DATs record for up to 2 hours on a tape, and can 
 run at three different sampling rates:  32 kHz, 44.1 kHz 
 (for CD), and 48 kHz (the DAT standard).

14.2 What is DCC?  What is its status today?
 DCC is Philips' attempt to modernize the regular cassette.  DCC 
 decks can play analog cassettes, and can record new Digital 
 Compact Cassettes.  They use stationary heads (DATs use rotary 
 heads as do VCR's), and although they are digital, they use 
 lossy compression to fit all the data on the cassette.  Although 
 DCC sound quality is far better than the 1960 standard cassette, 
 the DCC does not have the sound quality present in DAT or CD.  
 DCC may be a good choice for consumers who want to assemble mix 
 tapes for cars or walkmans, but is not suitable for any 
 professional applications.  As of December 1992, DCC is very 
 new, DCC equipment is very expensive, and the ultimate future of 
 DCC is not assured.

14.3 What about writable compact discs?  What is the status today?
 Recordable CD's are available, but are very expensive.  Blank 
 discs sell for approximately $35 each, and the recorders start 
 at around $6,000.  These units are mostly used by recording 
 studios and other audio professionals.

14.4 What is the best cassette deck under $200?

14.5 What is the best cassette deck under $400?

14.6 What is PASC?  Can I hear the effects?
 PASC (Perceptual Audio Sub-band Coding) is a data-compression
 algorithm.  It increases the length of recording that can be
 stored in a given number of data bits by eliminating sounds that
 the developers' research claims can not be perceived by human
 listeners.  Its most important component is the omission of
 quiet sounds that occur at the same time and near the frequency
 of louder sounds.  It provides up to a 4x increase in the length
 of recordings a given digital medium can hold; this is essential
 to allow full-length digital recordings on DCC (and on MD, which
 uses a different compression technique).  It is not necessary
 to translate CD data to analog before compressing it using PASC,
 nor the reverse, but today's DCC decks do not have digital
 inputs or outputs.
 
 You CAN hear PASC, but it is very difficult, since it is not 
 a distinctive noise (like a hiss) nor a consistent diminution
 (like a notch in a speaker's response), but a broad, 
 uncorrelated dropout in a changing collection of sounds that
 are masked by sounds that you can hear very easily.
 
 Since it is lossy, repeated PASC recording will cause
 progressive loss, and this signal damage may become easily
 noticeable.  This is a side effect that recording companies
 hope will have the effect of discouraging piracy via DCC.

14.7 What is SCMS?  Can I hear the effects?
 SCMS (Serial Copy Management System) is a copy-protection system 
 intended to stop rampant piracy of commercial recordings to 
 digital tape.  SCMS allows the home taper to copy from a CD to a 
 digital tape, but prevents anyone from digitally copying that 
 new digital tape.

 You CANNOT hear SCMS.

14.8 How can I bypass SCMS?
 There are professional devices used by engineers to manipulate 
 the digital bitstream, but they cost several hundred dollars and
 are not cost effective for consumers.  If you need to make 
 perfect digital copies of digital copies, buy a professional 
 digital recorder.  Pro models do not have SCMS, are more durable 
 than consumer recorders, and may have better quality electronics 
 than consumer models.

14.9 What's this about a tax on DAT?
 Every digital audio tape recorder and every blank digital tape 
 sold in the USA is priced to include a "premium" or "tax".  This 
 tax is collected by the US Copyright Office and distributed to 
 the recording artists and record companies that own the 
 copyrights to commercial music.  These fees are supposed to 
 repay them for lost royalties.

 Many believe that this "tax" is illegal, because it represents 
 an assumption that the buyer will use the recorder and tape to 
 violate a copyright, and not to record their own works.  A 
 founding principle of the USA legal system is that everyone is 
 assumed innocent until proven guilty.

 If you believe that this law is unjust, write your elected 
 representatives.

14.10 Is it legal to copy an LP, CD, or pre-recorded tape?
 In the US today, it may be legal to copy LP's, CD's, etc. for 
 your own private use (such as to copy a CD to play on your 
 walkman).  UK law specifically prohibits this, but it is almost 
 never enforced.  It is definitely not legal in the US, UK, or 
 almost anywhere else, to copy these sources for commercial
 purposes, or to give the copies to others.

 It is as of yet unclear whether you own the rights to sell 
 or give away a copy of a recording if you made the copy on media 
 which was sold with an included digital audio tax.

14.11 How do I clean and demagnetize tape heads?
 First, a caution: DAT recorder tape heads are VERY fragile.
 Before cleaning the heads on a DAT recorder, get specific
 recommendations from a very knowledgeable source that is
 intimately familiar with DAT head cleaning.  In the internet,
 a good source is the DAT-Heads-Digest FAQ.  For more information
 on DAT-Heads-Digest, see section 20.2, below.

 To clean tape heads, use pure isopropyl alcohol and lint-free 
 swabs.  Wipe the metal parts of the transport with alcohol 
 (DON'T wipe the rollers!) and allow them to dry.  Throw the swab 
 away after use.  Be exceedingly careful when cleaning the heads 
 on a DAT.  DAT heads are notoriously easy to misalign by 
 incorrect cleaning.

 Practical tape head demagnetizers are available for under $10.  
 Try to find one with a plastic coated tip.  If you can't find 
 one which is plastic coated. you can slip a drinking straw or 
 plastic tube over the tip for the same effect.  This plastic 
 will prevent the demagnetizer from scratching the head.

 Before plugging in the demagnetizer, remove all tapes from your 
 working area and unplug the recorder.  Hold the demagnetizer 
 away from the recorder as you plug it in.  Slowly bring the tip 
 of the demagnetizer up to the tape head and slide it back and 
 forth across each tape head for five one-second strokes.  Then 
 pull it away from the head slowly and go on to the next.  After 
 demagnetizing the heads, use the tip on each metal tape guide 
 with a similar five strokes.  Last, slowly pull the demagnetizer 
 far away from the recorder and unplug it.  Recording engineers 
 use a demagnetizer before each recording session.

14.12 How do I adjust a tape recorder for best results?
 Adjusting a tape machine for best results usually requires 
 special equipment and test tapes.  Unless you know what you're 
 doing, leave it for a pro.  If you are serious about doing it, 
 buy the service manual for your particular tape recorder.  It 
 will list a detailed procedure, as well as describe the correct 
 test tape and tools.

 As for setting of record levels, it is best to experiment with 
 different levels on different tape brands.  Different 
 formulation will reach saturation for different levels.  
 Generally speaking, the transients on a Chrome tape should peak 
 at about +6 dB above 0, though some formulations can take 
 significantly hotter signals.

