AUDIO FAQ 11

19.0 Miscellaneous

19.1 What do I need to know about warranties?
 Warranties have a few basic components.  The first is the term 
 of the warranty.  The second is what is covered.  The third is 
 who supports the warranty. The fourth is what restrictions.

 Term is fairly self evident.  What is covered is more detailed.  
 In audio electronics, typically everything is covered with a 
 "parts and labor" warranty.  Often mechanical components such as 
 tape heads are covered by different terms, such as shorter terms 
 on labor and longer terms on parts.  Likewise, speaker 
 warranties vary widely, from unconditional with no term limit to 
 a basic 30 days parts and labor.

 Some warranties come from the manufacturer.  Others come from 
 the dealer.  Still other warranty support is available with 
 certain premium charge cards.

 A common restriction on some warranties is that the equipment is 
 not covered unless it is sold by an authorized dealer.  A few 
 dealers have lied about being authorized dealers.  Equipment 
 sold by an unauthorized dealer is almost always sold completely 
 legally.  This unauthorized dealer may, in fact, be fully 
 authorized to sell, but not authorized to sell manufacturer's 
 warranties.  In buying gear this way, dealers can get it 
 cheaper, and provide the service themselves.  This kind of gear,
 with a full warranty from the dealer is referred to as gray 
 market equipment.  Manufacturers discourage buying from these 
 gray market dealers, but the risks are fairly low.  If the 
 dealer is local and well established, the risks are minimal.

 If you buy equipment mail-order, a dealer warranty may be a pain 
 in the neck, especially if you have to ship the gear to the 
 dealer more than once to get it fixed correctly.  Then again, 
 some factory service requires shipping gear far away at your 
 expense, too.

 Frequently, home audio equipment is sold with a warranty 
 restriction that if the gear is used commercially or in any 
 profit-making enterprise, then the warranty is void. This is to 
 protect the manufacturer from having to frequently repair 
 equipment meant for light service.  Professional audio equipment 
 often comes with very liberal warranty terms, such as lifetime 
 parts and labor.  Professional gear takes heavy use and severe 
 wear from constant transportation.  It is expected to be able to 
 take this abuse.

 All gear, electronic and mechanical, is known to have three 
 principal failure modes: abuse, infant failure, and end-of-life 
 failure.  In addition, a few of the failures occur at random.

 Infant failure occurs in the first fifty hours of use, and is 
 the principal responsibility of warranties. Infant failure is 
 frequently caused by defective parts or a design defect.

 Abuse failure is that caused by a person who pulls a cable too 
 hard, bangs the equipment on the table, pushes the controls too 
 firmly or too fast, or does anything else which the manufacturer 
 did  not expect. These are the gray areas of warranties.  They
 do not represent a manufacturing defect in the manufacturer's 
 eyes, but they do leave you with a broken device.  To get 
 the best chance of coverage against this kind of failure, select 
 a brand or a dealer with a very liberal warranty policy.

 End-of-life failures are rarely covered by warranty.  Tape heads 
 have a finite, calculable life, as do rubber rollers, speakers, 
 cables, batteries, bearings, and motors.  The life of some of 
 these components can be extended by intelligent care.  For 
 example, the life of common rechargeable batteries can be 
 extended by good recharging practice.  Likewise, some cleaners 
 can dry out rubber, and will lead to premature failure. Don't 
 expect warranty support for any of these problems, and if you 
 get it, feel lucky.

|19.2 What is blind testing?  Non-blind?  Double-blind?
| If you want to compare pieces of equipment, recordings, or
| people, you could run an experiment.  You could select an
| experimenter to initiate various trials, select some subjects
| to listen to the sounds, and then ask the subjects questions
| about what they hear.  However, if you want meaningful 
| results, it is necessary to set up the experiment correctly, 
| and ask the right questions.
|
| One of the major problems with any experiment is that the
| subjects may become aware of the experimenter's hypothesis 
| and allow this awareness to influence their behavior.  One 
| technique for preventing such bias is to keep the person
| who conducts the experiment unaware of the hypothesis of the 
| research.  Unfortunately, experimenters invariably form SOME 
| hypothesis of what's going on, and these hypotheses affect 
| how they deal with subjects.  
|
| A more reasonable solution involves allowing the experimenters 
| to know the true hypothesis but somehow keeping them ignorant 
| of the specific experimental condition of each subject.  This
| is known as a Partial Blind Experimenter technique.  An example
| of this is that the person running an experiment knows that the 
| main experimenter wants to determine which connecting cables 
| are best at signal carrying, but would not know which cables 
| are being used at any given time during the experiment.
|
| It is also important for subjects not to become aware of 
| the experimenter's specific hypothesis.  Subjects often 
| become highly responsive to any cues, intended or unintended, 
| in the research situation that suggest what they are supposed 
| to do to appear normal or "to make the study come out right."  
| This problem can be present in judgment experiments, 
| particularly those in which each subject is exposed to more 
| than one variation of the stimulus. Such a procedure, by its 
| very nature, increases the probability that the subject will 
| begin to guess which aspects of the experiment are being 
| systematically varied by the experimenter.
|
| Many studies avoid this problem with what is called a Blind 
| Subject technique.  Using this approach, subjects are not told 
| specifically what the hypotheses are.  Additionally, subjects 
| are not told what specific experimental conditions they are in.  
| For example, a subject might be told that he/she is supposed to 
| determine which stereo system sounds better, when in fact the 
| experimenter wishes to examine which color or appearance of the 
| same components looks better to subjects.
|
| When both a Partial Blind Experimenter technique and a Blind 
| Subject technique are used at the same time, this is called a
| Double Blind experiment.  Double Blind experiments have higher 
| probability of producing statistically valid results than 
| Partial Blind Experimenter alone, Blind Subject alone, or other 
| techniques.  Double Blind experiments are highly recommended.

19.3 Where can I get a service manual for brand XXX?
 The most reliable source of supply is the manufacturer's sales 
 office in your country.

19.4 Where can I get good repairs on brand XXX?

19.5 How can I take 115V gear over to a 230V country or vice versa?
 Some equipment is available with an international power supply, 
 which can be rewired by any serviceman to either power line 
 voltage.  If you expect to be moving abroad, look for this kind 
 of equipment.  Often, the same model is available both as US 
 only and as International. Some equipment will be rewirable and 
| won't say it.  Adcom amps are known to be rewirable.

 If you know that your gear is limited to one power line voltage, 
 you can order a new power transformer for that receiver, CD 
 player, amplifier, or tuner which will be wound differently.  
 Contact the manufacturer's local service center.  This can be 
 very expensive.  A new  transformer for a 40 watt receiver would 
 wholesale for under $25 but cost $75 from a service center.

 Another alternative is to buy a power transformer that will 
| convert 115V to 230V and vice versa.  This is only practical
| for smaller gear.  Larger power amps require prohibitively
| massive and expensive transformers.  Also, the addition of a
| transformer may hurt the sound quality.

 Here are some common transformer models and 1992 list prices.  
 Power ratings are total line current multiplied by line voltage 
 (2A at 115V is 230 watts).  Larger transformers cost more. Some 
 of the costlier transformers are constructed with plugs and 
 jacks for immediate use.  Those marked * have wire leads and 
 need safe connections to be used.

 Before spending money, check into other things about audio in 
 the new country.  Broadcast frequencies are slightly different 
 in some countries than in others, so a receiver or tuner bought 
 in one country may not be able to receive some or all of the 
 stations in another country.  The US separates the AM broadcast 
 band frequencies by 10kHz while the UK uses 9kHz.  Similarly, 
 the US separates FM stations by 200kHz, where the UK has 
 stations on a 50kHz spacing pattern.  It MAY be very simple to 
 modify a receiver from US to UK spacings, but may not.  Last,
 but not least, some equipment will NOT work well on 50Hz power.

 Step Down (230V in, 115V Out)
  MagneTek/Triad N1X* 50 Watts $11.83
  Stancor  P-8620* 50 Watts $14.16
  MagneTek/Triad N3M 85 Watts $29.95
  Stancor  P-8630 85 Watts $43.65
  MagneTek/Triad N6U* 200 Watts $25.72
  Stancor  P-8632 200 Watts $51.80
  MagneTek/Triad N5M 250 Watts $42.60

 Step Up (115V In, 230V Out)
  Stancor  P-8637 85 Watts $43.10
  MagneTek/Triad N150MG 150 Watts $49.46
  MagneTek/Triad N250MG 250 Watts $54.69
  Stancor  P-8639 300 Watts $55.51

 The Stancor and MagneTek Triad lines are carried by
 large electronic distributors.

19.6 Are there really good deals in country XXX?

19.7 How do I find out how much an XXX is worth?
 There is a "Blue Book" for used audio equipment called 
 "Orion Blue Book-Audio".  This guide lists both a 
 wholesale and a retail value for most audio gear.
  Orion Research Corporation
  1315 Main Avenue Suite 230
  Durango CO  81301 USA
  303-247-8855
 Last I knew a guide costs $150. Each Nov, a new book is printed.
| After August, the old book is discounted. If you need a single
| quote from the Orion Blue Book, send a polite request to:
|  al@qiclab.scn.rain.com 
| and you may get a quote back by e-mail.

19.8 Do people really hear those differences?
 Who knows?  They sure think that they do.

19.9 Why do people disagree on what is the best sound?
 There are at least three different measures of what is "Perfect 
 Sound".  All three have advocates, and all three are right, in 
 their own way.  In general, whether they admit it or not, most 
 listeners fit into one of these three preference groups:

 1. It must sound like live music.  These people know what 
  voices sound like in person, they know what instruments 
  sound like without any amplification, and they have 
  heard orchestras perform unaided by sound systems.  They 
  want to accurately reproduce that sound.

 2. It must sound like the recording engineer wanted it to 
  sound.  The recording engineer listened with extremely 
  good equipment to the sound coming out of the 
  microphones, and mixed them together for what he, at 
  that time, felt was artistically correct.  It may not 
  have been the same as live, but it was exactly what he 
  wanted.  In the extreme, people like John Fogerty used 
  to audition his final recording mix in his truck to see 
  how it would sound through a common, lousy stereo.

 3. It must give me the most pleasure.  No matter how good 
  or bad live sounds, no matter what the recording 
  engineer intended, if buy some equipment will give me
  more listening pleasure then it must be the best.

 With these three perspectives, it is clear that no one system 
 will satisfy everyone.  Add to that confusion the variable that 
 everyone likes a different kind of sound, has heard live music 
 under different conditions, and has a different idea of what the 
 engineer intended.  There is an enormous range of possibilities.

 Another set of reasons is that people look for different things 
 to be right.  Some want strong bass; others want male voices to 
 sound like  male voices; others want violins to sound like 
 violins. Systems rarely do everything equally well. Speakers (in 
 particular) are compromises.  Look for the speaker where the 
 designer had your priority first.  You are perfectly right to 
 select speakers based on YOUR personal taste.

 Confounding the situation further, we all say the greatest 
 things about the stuff we already bought.  To do otherwise would 
 be to admit that we are either stupid or deaf.

 Still another reason is that most people haven't heard enough 
 variations.  Until you hear a system that can truly reconstruct 
 the three-dimensional accuracy of a stereo image accurately, you 
 may never realize that it is possible.  Some excellent 
 recordings contain enough information that with a good enough 
 system, you can hear up-down, in-out, and left-right 
 distinctions very clearly.  However, we will never experience 
 this until we are fortunate enough to hear such a fine recording 
 on a very good system.

 Finally, some of us really can't hear much difference.  We 
 aren't deaf, but we don't have a well trained ear, don't know 
 exactly what to listen for, and may even have slight hearing 
 deficiencies, such as bad sensitivity to high frequencies which 
 comes with older age, or hearing damage from listening to loud 
 sounds (machinery, rock concerts, etc).

19.10 How do I contact the manufacturer of XXXXX?  How do I get repair
  service on XXXXX?  How do I get replacement parts?
 Some magazines publish lists of contact phone numbers for the
 manufacturers of equipment.  In the US, Consumer Reports has a
 small listing in each issue and a more comprehensive listing 
 in their March issue.  Also, Audio Magazine has an exhaustive
 listing in their October "Equipment Directory".  In Europe, look
 in "What HiFi?".

 You can find many addresses by reading ads in hifi magazines. 
 You can also find out by asking at your friendly local hifi 
 shop, especially if you've built up a relationship with them.

 A good source for parts and service is often the manufacturer's 
 repair center.  The best way to locate one near you is to look
 at the literature which came with your equipment when it was
 new.  Failing that, see the ideas mentioned above in 19.10.

 There is an old list of addresses and phone numbers called
 "Music Equipment Mail/Phone List". This is posted periodically 
 to news.answers, and contains many addresses of equipment
 manufacturers.  This list is also periodically posted to some
 music newsgroups.  If you don't see it posted at your site,
 you can get a copy by sending a request to its maintainer,
 rsk@gynko.circ.upenn.edu (Rich Kulawiec).

20.0 Network Protocol

20.1 What are the other newsgroups on audio and music?
 rec.audio.pro: This newsgroup is dedicated to professional 
  audio.  It includes discussion on record production, 
  studios, studio equipment, DJ equipment, recording 
  concerts, sound reinforcement, mastering, mixing, 
  special effects, and other topics which might apply to 
  audio professionals.  If you are a home audio buff but 
  like tape recording, you can find good advice here.
 rec.audio.high-end: This newsgroup caters to audiophiles and 
  serious music lovers who are interested in discussing 
  the subtle differences between expensive equipment, the 
  nuances of selecting the best cables, the love and lore 
  of LPs, and other details of audio that are inaudible to 
  the untrained ear.
 rec.audio.car: This newsgroup supports discussion on different 
  brands and models of car stereo, and also is an open 
  forum for talk about car stereo installation, speaker 
  selection, custom crossovers, and the special noise 
  problems which occur in cars.

20.2 What network mailing lists are out there which aren't on usenet?
 There is an informal group of people interested in using DAT 
 recorders to record "Grateful Dead" concerts. These people call 
 themselves "Dat-Heads" and have a daily E-Mailing List.  To 
 subscribe to this list, send a message to: 
  DAT-Heads-Request@fuggles.acc.Virginia.EDU 
 asking to join the mailing list.

| There is also a general turntable chat mailing list.  To 
| subscribe to this list, send a message to: 
|  analogue-addicts-request@vortex1.exeter.ac.uk
| asking to join the mailing list.

20.3 Should I post a question about "XXXXXXXXXXXXX"?
 If it is related to professional audio, take it to 
 "rec.audio.pro".  If it relates to very expensive audio 
 equipment or a request for opinions on subtle sound 
 differences, you might want to take it to the newsgroup 
 "rec.audio.high-end".  If it's related to car audio, there's 
 rec.audio.car.  Otherwise, if it isn't addressed in the FAQ 
 and it isn't a question for one individual, do it!

20.4 How can I suggest a change to the FAQ?
 Send an E-Mail message to neidorff@uicc.com and explain your 
 suggestion or correction in detail.

20.5 Where is the FAQ for rec.audio archived?
 This FAQ is available via ftp.  Assuming you have access to the
 internet, the scenario is approximately:
  ftp research.att.com    
   # research's IP address is 192.20.225.2
  <login as anonymous; password is your email address>
  cd dist
  get audio.faq
 If you have problems or need further help with accessing the FAQ 
 via internet, send e-mail to
  andrew@research.att.com
 This FAQ is also archived at: rtfm.mit.edu in
  /pub/usenet/news.answers/AudioFAQ
 To get the entire FAQ, from the mit archive, you need to 
 get all four of the following files:
  part1
  part2
  part3
  part4

20.6 What does FAQ stand for?
 FAQ stands for "Frequently Asked Questions".  It is assumed that 
 a FAQ also contains FGA or "Frequently Given Answers".  The 
 newsgroup rec.audio has very few FGAs due to the personalities 
 involved and the nature of audio.  For that reason, this 
 document is called a FAQ.

20.7 Why did I get a bitter reply when I posted a simple opinion?
 Some feel that rec.audio is populated by people with very strong
 opinions.  The whole audio industry is filled with opinionated 
 people.

 However, for the most part, these people like voicing their 
 opinions and reading others.  What may have sounded like a 
 severe rebuttal may have instead been an outlet for the other 
 person's frustrations or a challenge to you to "play the 
 `rec.audio' game" and back up your words with some spirit.

 Be sure to stay light when reading rec.audio.  Otherwise, you 
 are likely to take yourself and everyone else too seriously.
-- 
Bob Neidorff; Unitrode I. C. Corp.  |  Internet: neidorff@uicc.com
7 Continental Blvd.                 |  Voice   : (US) 603-424-2410
Merrimack, NH  03054-0399 USA       |  FAX     : (US) 603-424-3460
