AUDIO FAQ 9

16.0 Wire
 More than any other topic, speaker cables and equipment 
 interconnects seem to use up rec.audio bandwidth echoing the 
 same theoretical arguments, testimonials, and opinions.  
 Controversy can be stimulating, educational, and also amusing.  
 Please try to keep postings aimed at one of those three goals, 
 and avoid the insults and emotion.  Also, try to avoid
 echoing a common position or principle, as described below.

16.1 Do speaker cables matter?
 To avoid confusion and repetition, here is some terminology.
 Cables are connectors attached to wires. Wires generally 
 have multiple conductors optionally surrounded by a shield and 
 outer insulating covering. Cables can introduce noise into the 
 signal, act as a filter (and thus change the frequency response 
 of the system), and provide nonlinearities from improper 
 (intermittent/loose) connections to or between the connectors.

 It is quite scientifically conceivable that some cables do 
 cause a difference in sound, because of the differences in DC 
 resistance, interconductor capacitance, and connector attachment 
 alone.  The effects of exotic conductor weaving and materials 
 are not so well established.  In general, these effects (once 
 we eliminate DC resistance), seem to be small. However, if your 
 system is at least fairly good, then some folks have observed 
 (although not in an experimental, double-blind sense) 
 significant differences in system performance with different 
 cables. The effects are said to be quite system specific; the 
 only real guideline is to try them and see which ones seem to 
 sound better in your system. 

 Roughly speaking, the price ranges for speaker cables is low 
 (under $1/ft), medium (under $6-8/ft), and high (up to $100/ft 
 and more). Try to arrange it so you can trial such cables; at 
 several hundred dollars per set, experiments can be expensive.

 In any system or experiment, it is essential that the 
 differences between cables be separated from the 
 differences between connectors.

 You should have an EXTREMELY solid connection between cable and
 speaker.  Speakers operate at very low impedances, so that bad
 connections will create significant artifacts or signal losses 
 at any power level.  For example, if the connection has a linear 
 resistance of just 1 ohm, the speaker damping factor will be 
 dramatically reduced, making bass muddy.  If the connection 
 contains imperfect metal oxides, then a slightly rectifying 
 junction will block the signal, producing compression, 
 distortion, and other non-linear effects.

16.2 What speaker cables are available and how good are they?
 There is a wide range of speaker wire available, ranging from
 30ga zip cord (-$.10/ft) to exotic wires costing over $300/ft.
 The material used ranges from copper to oxygen-free copper 
 (OFC) to silver. (There are a bunch of others as well.) 

 Oxygen-free copper is probably NOT any different from common
 copper in sound.  If you hear a difference between two cables,
 it is not a difference between oxygen-free and common copper.

 Resistance may be significant for speaker cables.  The higher
 the resistance, the more the cable will affect the sound, all
 else equal.  The resistance characteristic of metals is called 
 resistivity.  The resistivity of copper is 1.7 microohm-cm.
 Silver is very slightly lower, 1.6.  Gold is a bit higher, 2.4.

 Silver and gold are different from copper in other ways than
 resistivity.  Gold does not oxidize in normal environments,
 so gold contacts will not need periodic cleaning and will not
 create rectifying junctions.  Silver will oxidize, but the
 oxide of silver is conductive, so oxidized silver will still
 make good contact.  Copper oxide is a bad conductor.  Oxidized
 copper contacts may insulate, may conduct, or may rectify.
 Copper is a bad material for cable terminals, but this may or
 may not mean anything for the conductor itself.

16.3 What can I use for budget speaker cables?
 First, a few words on terminology.  Wire is sized by AWG or BS
 gauge number.  Larger numbers represent smaller wire.  AWG 40
 (also called 40 gauge) is as fine as human hair.  AWG 12 is 2mm
 or .081" diameter.  Some wire is classified as solid, because it
 contains one strand per conductor.  Other wire is called
 stranded, because it consists of many strands per conductor.
 Stranded wire is far more flexible than solid wire.  Most wire
 is made from drawn copper.  Some wire is sold that is claimed to
 be made with a process that produces oxygen-free copper.
 Oxygen-free copper has a different metallurgical structure than
 common copper and may or may not conduct current better.

 Some critical listeners have reported excellent sound from large
 diameter solid copper wire, such as home wiring "Romex 12-2".
 At least one expert has said that common 18-gauge solid copper
 hook-up wire sold by Radio Shack also works very well.  Also
 recommended on a budget is Sound King wire, a 12 gauge oxygen
 free copper stranded cable.  This is available from MCM
 Electronics for $.39/ft.

 The scientific literature indicates that small gauge wire
 generally sounds worse than large gauge.  Resistance-related
 effects of the cable can be eliminated by using at least 12
 gauge wire, particularly for long runs.  Of course, shorter 
 runs are always preferred, because they come much closer to 
 the ideal zero-length wire, with no resistance, no 
 capacitance, no inductance, and no change in signal.

16.4 What can I use for budget speaker connectors?
 The worst connectors are push-down, or spring terminals.  Screw 
 terminals with solid copper wire are much better.  Gold-plated 
 binding posts and gold spade lugs are inexpensive by audiophile 
 standards and are extremely stable.  Binding posts with spade 
 lugs can be tightened to get a very good mechanical joint, and 
 may offer the lowest electrical resistance of any connector.

 Gold plated banana plugs and jacks are very good speaker 
 terminals.  Good ones are more expensive than gold spade lugs, 
 however, they also provide a bigger area of contact, and are 
 more convenient when you must frequently reconfigure the system.  
 Banana plugs should be periodically monitored for corrosion and 
 loss of spring tension.  Monster offers a banana-plug connector 
 with an expanding center pin that forms an even better 
 connection than common gold banana plugs.  At approximately $25 
 per pair, the Monster banana plugs aren't a budget connector.

 All else equal, connectors with gold surfaces are better than
 connectors with any other surface.  This is for two reasons.  
 First, gold is extremely inert, meaning that unless gold is 
 exposed to very harsh chemicals or harsh vapors, it will not 
 corrode or oxidize.  It will remain a pure, low-resistance 
 conductor.  Second, gold is quite soft, so that if a 
 gold-plated connector is squeezed between two metal 
 surfaces, it will deform slightly to fill scratches and 
 voids, giving a very broad, low-resistance contact area.

 Corrosion of connectors is often a problem.  Gold-plated 
 terminals and connectors somewhat avoid this problem; 
 problems with other connectors can be mitigated by 
 unplugging and replugging the connector on a regular basis, 
 cleaning the contact areas with a pencil eraser, or by 
 using a contact enhancer such as Cramolin or Tweek.  When 
 you use a contact enhancer, be very sure to follow the 
 directions, and avoid spreading enhancer about your equipment.

16.5 What about interconnects, such as the cable between tuner and amp?
 Line-level interconnects conduct smaller signals than speaker
 cables; the typical signal ranges from -2V to +2V (the CD
 output standard) with currents in the microamps (the 
 corresponding values for speaker cables attached to a largish 
 power amp might be -70V to +70V and currents of many amps).  
 Line-level interconnects can be divided into single-ended (or 
 unbalanced), and balanced interconnects.  Home audio is almost 
 always single-ended interconnects.

 Single-ended interconnects almost always use a form of the 
 RCA connector (or phono plug). RCA plugs form fair to poor 
 connections that degrade with time as corrosion works into the 
 metal-metal contact and as the spring tension of the connectors 
 relax.  Gold-plating reduces the effect of corrosion and locking 
 RCA connectors solve most of the mechanical problems.  However, 
 these premium phono connectors are rare and expensive.  For 
 example, a gold-plated Vampire locking RCA plug costs 
 approximately $23/pair.  If RCA connectors weren't a de facto 
 standard, we'd recommend against them.

 Unbalanced interconnect wires vary in geometry, material and 
 price.  Cheaper wires have a single conductor (normally 
 stranded) and a shield and cost $.20-$2/ft. Medium (complexity 
 and price) wires have two conductors (often arranged as a 
 twisted pair) surrounded by a shield and cost from about 
 $3-$20/ft.  Exotic wires have all sorts of geometries and 
 materials (such as stranded silver conductors, or ribbon cable 
 braided around a core, or in one extreme case, a tube filled 
 with mercury!).  Prices may be as high as $200-$300/ft.

 Balanced interconnects have three conductors: two for the signal 
 one for ground, and additionally a shield.  The standard 
 connector for balanced cable is the ITT/Cannon XLR connector, 
 which is quite good mechanically (they lock).  Equivalent 
 connectors are also available from Switchcraft, Neutrik, and 
 other vendors.  If you have to run cables longer than 12 feet or 
 4 meters, the greater noise immunity of balanced interconnects 
 is often a good idea. For this reason, balanced connectors are 
 standard equipment in professional installations such as 
 studios, public address systems, and broadcast stations.  There 
 is not much variation in balanced cables.  The three brands 
 mentioned above are known to be rugged, high quality and 
 moderately priced. Slightly weaker imported connectors are 
 available, but they aren't dramatically cheaper.

 For most systems, the most important aspect of a cable are
 the mechanical reliability of the connectors; in particular, 
 the joint between connector and wire, and the joint between
 connector and socket. Typically, interconnect cables are 
 short.  It is worth getting just the right length; cables 
 often come in .5 meter increments.  With quite good systems, 
 some people observe differences in sound between various 
 interconnects. This is quite system-specific and the same 
 advice as given above applies: try several brands.  Most 
 good dealers will loan interconnects for home evaluation.

 In cables where the shield does not carry the signal or ground, 
 the shield is normally only connected to ground at one end. 
 In systems where there are significant differences between 
 ground levels on various components, it may make a difference 
 which way such cables are connected.  Typically, the end where 
 the shield is grounded should be at the source of the signal.  
 Often, such cable has arrows on it pointing in the direction of 
 the signal flow.  In any case, try both orientations.

 There are many objective reasons why cables might cause 
 differences in sound by interacting with the drivers in the 
 signal sources as well as by providing non-linear effects in the 
 RCA connector.  Most of these effects are again related to 
 interconductor capacitance and resistance, and the quality of 
 the shielding provided by the "shield" conductor.  In balanced 
 cables the quality of the "twisted pair" inside the shield is 
 also important.  One might note that a shield protects from only 
 capacitively coupled interference, and not from any magnetic 
 field interference.  The twisted pair in a balanced line provide 
 some magnetic rejection, as does steel conduit.  However, steel 
 conduit has other characteristics which make it undesirable for 
 audio in general.

16.6 What about Phono Interconnects:
 Phono interconnects are part of the link between a cartridge on 
 a turntable and a preamp (or head amp or receiver). They are a 
 special case of line-level interconnects because the signal is 
 much lower, typically 1 to 50 millivolts.  They are also 
 intended to operate into a higher impedance, typically 47K ohms, 
 and form part of the capacitive load for the cartridge.

 The low signal levels mean that the shielding of the cable, and 
 the presence of a separate drain/shield are more important, as 
 is a good ground.  A separate solid ground should come along 
 with the cable as a separate lead co-routed with the cable.

 In addition, the low signal levels make a good solid connection
 to and through the connectors MUCH more important, because of 
 the greater sensitivity to low-level nonlinearities.

 Wire capacitance is often ignored in line-level interconnects;
 however, in a phono interconnect, it may constitute half of the 
 total capacitive load of the cartridge. Obviously, then, two 
 cables with significantly different capacitances should sound 
 differently.  In this sense, the "right" cable for one cartridge 
 may be too low or high in capacitance for another cartridge.
 
 For low-impedance cartridges (most moving coil cartridges),
 the wire must have low resistance to prevent cartridge unloading 
 and frequency-dependent signal loss. In addition, as the 
 signal levels are quite low, shielding is important. 

 Unfortunately, copper shields do not block stray magnetic 
 fields, so in the case of phono cables, careful routing may be 
 even more effective at reducing hum than special wire.

16.7 Is there really a difference in digital interconnects?
 There are now three kinds of digital interconnects that connect
 transports to D/A converters: coax, plastic fiber (Toslink) and 
 glass fiber (AT&T ST).  In theory, these should sound EXACTLY 
 the same (bits are bits).  However, this assumes good circuit 
 design (in particular, the clock recovery circuits of the DAC, 
 and careful consideration of electronic noise) which may be 
 compromised because of cost considerations or ignorance.  Note: 
 different signaling schemes are used on plastic and glass fiber. 

 In any case, some people claim to hear a difference; 
 of those who do, most seem to prefer the glass fiber.  
 However, the technology of fast digital data transmission 
 in consumer electronics is evolving very quickly now.  
 Any specific recommendation should be treated with 
 suspicion until the industry matures.

16.8 Can I make very good interconnects myself?
 Yes.  You will need to be the judge of whether or not they
 are as good as $100 interconnects, but it is easy to make
 interconnects that are better than the $2.00 set which comes 
 with new equipment.

 There are two necessary ingredients: two-conductor shielded
 cable and RCA connectors.  There is a lot of debate over what
 is the best cable, but in general, the lower the capacitance
 per foot, the better.  Choice of insulation is harder.  There
 may be an advantage to polypropylene or teflon over polyester
 or rubber, but even that is debatable.  If you are buying wire
 from an electronics distributor, some have successfully used
 Belden 1192A microphone cable.  It is rubber insulated, so very 
 flexible.  Another recommended cable is Belden 8451.  This is
 a polypropylene cable with foil shield.  Finally, consider
 Belden 89182.  This is foamed teflon insulated, so very low
 capacitance, and foil shielded.  If you plan to make a long
 cable, this low capacitance cable may be the best choice.

 There is also a variety of RCA connectors available.  A 
 good connector would be gold plated and machined to tight 
 tolerances.  A poorer connector will not fit as well, will 
 make poorer contact as the connecting surface oxides, and 
 will lose its springiness with use.  

 When wiring the cable to the connector, use one wire for 
 signal, (the tip of the RCA connector) and one wire for 
 ground (the shell or outer conductor of the RCA connector).  

 Some cables use a foil shield which is difficult to solder.  
 These cables typically have a drain wire parallel to the foil
 which can be used for soldering.  Others use a braided shield.

 Regardless of which type of wire you have, connect the shield
 or the shield drain wire to ground on only ONE SIDE.  This will
 stop noise picked up by the shield from causing ground noise.

 It can be a touchy job soldering RCA connectors.  Before 
 you use your new cables, check with an ohmmeter or 
 a continuity tester to make sure that you have not 
 accidentally sorted the signal and ground leads together, 
 either with a stray drop of solder or a loose wire strand.

