AUDIO FAQ 3

10.1 What is Biamping? Biwiring?
 Most speakers are connected to an amplifier by one pair 
 of terminals on each speaker. Within these speakers, a 
 crossover distributes the signal (modified appropriately) 
 to each of the drivers in the speaker.

 Some speakers are set up to be either biwired or biamped. A 
 much smaller number allows triwiring and triamping.  The same 
 principles apply but use three sets of wires or three amplifiers 
 instead of two.  Most speakers that support biamping/biwiring 
 have two pairs of terminals and some mechanism for shorting 
 the two pairs together when used in the normal way. This 
 mechanism is most likely a switch or a bus bar. To help 
 the descriptions below, I will refer to these two pairs as 
 LO and HI  (because normally one pair connects to the woofer
 and the other pair connects to the tweeter/midrange).

 Biwiring means that a speaker is driven by two pairs of wires
 from the same amplifier output. One cable pair connects HI to
 the amp, and the other cable pair connects LO to the same amp 
 output that you connected the HI cable to.  Biwiring is 
 controversial; some folks hear a difference, some do not. The 
 most plausible explanation involves magnetic induction of noise 
 in the relatively low current HI cable from the relatively high 
 current signal in the LO cable.  Accordingly, Vandersteen 
 recommends the two cable pairs for a channel be separated by at 
 least a few inches. In any case, the effect appears to be small.

 Biamping means that the two pairs of terminals on a speaker are
 connected to distinct amplifier outputs. Assuming you have two 
 stereo amplifiers, you have two choices: either an amp per 
 channel, or an amp per driver. For the amp per channel, you 
 connect each terminal pair to a different channel on the amp 
 (for example, the left output connects to HI and the right side 
 to LO). In the other configuration, one amp connects to the LO 
 terminals, and the other amp is connected to the HI terminals.

 The point of biamping is that most of the power required to 
 drive the speakers is used for low frequencies. Biamping allows 
 you to use amps specialized for each of these uses, such 
 as a big solid-state amplifier for the LO drivers and higher 
 quality (but lower power) amp for the higher frequencies. 
 When you have two identical stereo amps, some folks 
 recommend distributing the low-frequency load by using an amp 
 per channel.  In any case, whenever you use two different 
 amplifiers, be careful to match levels between them.

 Biamping also allows you to use high-quality electronic 
 crossovers and drive the speaker's drivers (the voice coils) 
 directly, without the series resistance and non-linear 
 inductance of a passive crossover.  Biamping which uses the 
 speaker's crossover is therefore much less desirable.  Replacing
 a good speaker's crossover with an electronic crossover has 
 advantages, but involves some very critical tradeoffs and tuning 
 which is best left to those well-equipped or experienced.
 
 See also section 16.0 below, on wire and connectors in general.

10.2 Can amplifier X drive 2 ohm or 4 ohm speakers?
 Almost any amplifier can drive almost any load if you don't turn 
 the volume up too high.  Tube amplifiers are one exception.  
 Some amps clip if you play them too loud.  This is bad and 
 damages speakers.  Other amplifiers shutdown if they are asked 
 to play too loud.  Many will overheat, with bad consequences. 
 However, in almost all cases, it takes seriously loud sound or 
 low speaker resistance (less than 4 ohms) to do damage.  Running 
 two sets of 8 ohm speakers at once with common amplifiers 
 represents a 4 ohm load.  Four sets of 8 ohm speakers makes a 2 
 ohm load.  Two sets of 4 ohm speakers also makes a 2 ohm load.  
 If you stay sober and don't turn it up past the point where it 
 distorts, you are PROBABLY safe with most amplifiers and most 
 loads.  See 10.3 for more information.

10.3 How do I drive more than two speakers with one stereo amplifier?
 One amp can drive many speakers.  However, there are two limits 
 to this practice.  The first is that you can overheat or damage 
 an amplifier if you drive too low of an impedance to loud 
 listening levels.  Avoid loading any amplifier with a lower 
 impedance than recommended.  Adding two speakers to one amp 
 output loads that output with half the impedance of one speaker.  
 (See also 10.2 above)

 The second is that with tube amplifiers, which are uncommon in 
 today's common system, it is important that the speaker 
 impedance and the amplifier output impedance be well matched.

 When driving two or more speakers from one amp output, always 
 wire them in parallel, rather than series.  Series connection, 
 while safe in terms of impedance levels, can hurt sound quality 
 by raising the impedance that the speakers themselves see. 

 Many amplifiers have connectors for two pairs of speakers.  In 
 general, these amplifiers also have a speaker selector switch.
 These amplifiers almost exclusively connect the speakers in 
 parallel when both are selected.  It is common for these 
 amplifiers to specify 8 ohm speakers only.  The reason that they 
 specify 8 ohm speakers is because the amplifier is built to 
 drive either 4 or 8 ohms, and two sets of 8 ohm speakers loads 
 the amplifier as if it were one set of 4 ohm speakers.  It is 
 probably perfectly safe to connect one set of 4 ohm speakers to 
 an amplifier with two sets of outputs, provided that you NEVER 
 use the second set for any set of speakers.

10.4 How big an amplifier do I need?
 Unfortunately, amplifier power ratings and speaker power ratings
 are almost always misleading.  Sometimes, they are factually 
 wrong.  Speaker ratings are almost useless in evaluating needs.

 More importantly, human hearing is sensitive to the log of the 
 power coming out of the speaker.  This means that the perceived 
 difference between an 80 watt amplifier and a 100 watt 
 amplifier, all else equal, is very small. (under 1 dB!)

 There is a wide variation in the "efficiency" and "sensitivity" 
 of the various speakers available.  I have seen good speakers 
 with under 80 dB per watt efficiency and have also seen good 
 speakers with over 96 dB per watt efficiency, measured one meter 
 from the speaker.  This difference of 16 dB represents a factor 
 of 40 difference in power requirement!

 So the first step in determining amplifier requirements is to 
 estimate relative speaker efficiency.  Other factors include how
 loud you will want to listen, how large your room is, and how 
 many speakers you will drive with one amplifier.  This 
 information will give you a rough starting point.  For an 
 example, a typical home speaker will produce 88 dB at 1 watt.  
 In an average room, a person with average tastes will be happy 
 with this speaker and a good 20 watt per channel amplifier.  
 Someone who listens to loud music or wants very clean 
 reproduction of the dynamics of music will want more power.  
 Someone with less efficient speakers or a large room will also 
 want more power. 

 Past that point, you will have to use your ears.  As with all 
 other decisions, your best bet is to get some candidates, borrow
 them from a friendly dealer, take them home, and listen to them 
 at your normal and loudest listening level.  See if they play 
 cleanly when cranked up as loud as you will ever go, into your 
 speakers in your room.  Of course, it is also important to be 
 sure that the amp sounds clean at lower listening levels. 

10.5 Do all amplifiers with the same specifications sound alike?
 Some say that they do.  Some say that they don't.  Some 
 demonstrated that many amplifier differences can be traced to 
 very slight frequency response difference.  Let your own ears 
 guide you.  If you want to compare amplifiers, you can do it 
 best in a controlled environment, such as your home, with your
 music and your speakers.  Also be very careful to match levels 
 precisely.  All you need to match levels of amplifiers is a high 
 input-impedance digital voltmeter set to AC volts and a test 
 recording or signal generator.

10.6 Is this amplifier too big for that set of speakers?
 There is no such thing as an amplifier that is too big.  Small
 amplifiers are more likely to damage speakers than large ones, 
 because small amplifiers are more likely to clip than larger 
 ones, at the same listening level.  I have never heard of 
 speakers being damaged by an overly large amplifier.  I have 
 heard of 100 watt speakers being damaged by a 20 watt 
 amplifier, however, in really abusive hands.

10.7 Where can I get a cheap low-power amplifier?
 There are very few available.  One source is to buy a cheap boom 
 box and only use the amplifier.  Another source is Radio Shack.  
 A third alternative is to buy a car stereo booster and get a 12V 
 power supply for it.  Finally, you can build an amp pretty 
 easily if you are handy, but it probably won't be that cheap.  
 Mark V Electronics, for example, sells 20 watt amp kits for 
 under $30 and 80 watt amp kits for under $150.  (See 10.14, 
 10.15, and 10.16.)

10.8 Is the stuff sold by Carver really awesome?
 Some people really like it.  Others believe that it doesn't 
 perform up to specifications.  Still others believe that it 
 isn't all that it is hyped up to be. One of Carver's claims to 
 fame is lots of watts per pound of weight.  As with almost 
 everything else, the best policy is to listen for yourself and 
 see what you think.

10.9 What is a preamplifier?
 A preamplifier is an amplifying electronic circuit which can be
 connected to a low output level device such as a phono cartridge 
 or a microphone, and produce a larger electrical voltage at a 
 lower impedance, with the correct frequency response.  Phono 
 cartridges need both amplification and frequency response 
 equalization.  Microphones only need amplification. 

 In most audio applications, the term 'preamplifier' is actually 
 a misnomer and refers to a device more properly called a 
 'control amplifier'.  Its purpose is to provide features such 
 as input selection, level control, tape loops, and sometimes, 
 a minimal amount of line-stage gain.  These units are not 
 preamplifiers in the most technical sense of the word, yet 
 everyone calls them that.

10.10 What is a passive preamplifier?
 A passive preamplifier is a control unit without any
 amplification at all. It is a classic oxymoron, because it has
 no capability to increase the gain of the signal.  It is only
 used with line level sources that need no gain beyond unity.

10.11 Do I need a preamp?  Why?
 The tasks of a preamp are to:
  Switch between various input signals,
  Amplify any phono inputs to line level,
  Adjust the volume,
  Adjust the treble and bass if necessary,
  Present the right load impedance for the inputs, and
  Present a low source impedance for the outputs.

 If you have a turntable, you NEED a preamp with a phono input.
 This is because the turntable has an output which is too
 small for driving amplifiers and because the output of the
 turntable requires frequency response equalization.  You
 can't connect any other source to a phono input other than a
 turntable (phono cartridge).  Also, you can't connect a phono
 cartridge or turntable to any input other than a phono input.

 Microphones also require special preamplifiers. Some microphones
 also require "phantom power".  Phantom power is operating power
 for the microphone which comes from the preamp.  Microphone
 preamps are often built into tape decks and microphone mixers.

 If you only have high level inputs, such as the output of a CD
 player and the output of a tape deck, the main value of a preamp
 is selecting between inputs and providing a master volume
 control.  If you only listen to CDs, it is plausible to skip
 the preamp entirely by getting a CD player with variable level
 outputs and connecting them directly to a power amplifier.

 Some caveats apply. One, the variable outputs on a CD player are
 often lower sound quality than fixed outputs.  Two, some sources
 have high or nonlinear output impedances which are not ideal for
 driving an amplifier directly.  Likewise, some amplifiers have
 an unusually low or nonlinear input impedance such that common
 sources can't drive the input cleanly.  A good preamplifier
 allows use of such devices without sacrificing sound quality.

 Unfortunately, the only way to be sure that a preamplifier is
 of value with your sources and your amplifier is to try one.

 Almost all receivers contain a phono preamp, a volume
 control, and input switching.  Therefore, if you have a
 receiver, you may never need a preamp.

10.12 Should I leave equipment on all of the time or turn it on and off?
 Some gear draws significant electricity, so you will waste money
 and fossil fuel if you leave it on all of the time.  As an 
 example, a common amplifier consumes 40 watts at idle.  High-end 
 gear uses far more electricity, but ignoring that, 40 watts x 
 168 hours x 52 weeks x US $0.0001 per watt hour (rough estimate) 
 is $35/year.  Now add a CD player, a preamp, and a tuner, and it 
 really adds up.

 High-end enthusiasts claim that equipment needs to warm up to 
 sound its best.  If you care about the best sound, give your 
 equipment at least 20 minutes to warm up before serious 
 listening.  Warm up will allow the inside temperature to 
 stabilize, minimizing offsets, bring bias currents up to their 
 proper values, and bringing gain up to operating level.

 Either way, good gear will last a very long time.  Tubes are 
 known to have a finite life, but good tube designs run tubes 
 very conservatively, giving them life exceeding 10 years of 
 continuous service.  Some amplifiers run tubes harder to get 
 more power out, and thereby may be more economical to turn off 
 between use.

 Filter capacitors will fail after enough time at temperature 
 with voltage applied.  They will last longer if turned off 
 between use.  However, like tubes, filter caps can last tens of 
 years of continuous use, as can power transformers, 
 semiconductors, and the like.

 Filter capacitors have a funny problem that justified a simple 
 break-in or reforming when they are restarted after many years 
 of rest.  It involves bringing up the power line voltage slowly 
 with a variable transformer.  For tips on reforming capacitors, 
 consult "The Radio Amateur's Handbook", by the ARRL.

 Semiconductors seem to fail more often because of bad surges and 
 abuse than age.  Leaving gear off may be best for semiconductors 
 and other surge-sensitive gear if you expect power line surges, 
 as come from an electrical storm or operation of large motors.

 Fuses seem to age with temperature and get noisy, but they are 
 so inexpensive that it should not bias your decision.  However, 
 some are inconvenient to change, and may require opening the 
 case and even voiding the warranty.
-- 
Bob Neidorff; Unitrode I. C. Corp.  |  Internet: neidorff@uicc.com
7 Continental Blvd.                 |  Voice   : (US) 603-424-2410
Merrimack, NH  03054-0399 USA       |  FAX     : (US) 603-424-3460
Archive-name: AudioFAQ/part2
Last-modified: 1993/6/4
Version: 1.5

10.13 What about swapping op-amps?
 Many components use ICs called op amps as audio amplifiers.  
 Earlier op amps had poor sound quality, especially if misused.  
 Some engineers with a strong background in ICs and op amps 
 learned that they could improve sound if they replaced slow, 
 noisy, low slew-rate, or otherwise bad op amps with better ones.  
 Some less informed people tried doing the same thing and made 
 the sound worse.

 One pitfall with op amp swapping is that some op amps are more 
 prone to unwanted oscillation than others.  The faster the op 
 amp, the more likely it will cause an unwanted oscillation, 
 which will really damage the sound.  For that reason, Joe may 
 succeed in replacing 741 op amps with 5534 op amps in his gear, 
 and you may fail.  It is dependent on design, layout, etc.

 As technology and design expertise improves, audio op amps 
 get better and swapping is getting less and less useful.
 Newer op amps are displacing yesterday's best, and sound
 surprisingly similar to straight wire.

 Still, there are different op amps for different purposes. 
 Bipolar op amps are ideal for preamplifiers where noise is
 critical.  The OP-27, OP-37, LT1028, and LT1115 are very well
 received for phono preamps, head amplifiers, and microphone
 preamplifiers.  Bipolar op amps are also more practical for
 signals with low source impedance.

 FET devices like the OPA604 and OPA2604 have higher slew rate,
 higher bandwidth, and lower input current.  These op amps are
 better for line-level inputs and high source-resistance signals.
 Some amplifiers, like the OP-37 and LT1115 achieve higher
 bandwidth by using less internal compensation.  These amplifiers
 are not unity gain stable, and should not be used in circuits
 with low closed loop gain or large feedback capacitors.

 Some of the better op amps for audio as of today include 
 (* means highly recommended):
  Single  Dual
  AD847  AD827
  AD797*  NE5535
  NE5534  NE5532
  OP-27  AD712
  LT1115*  LM833
  AD811
  AD841  AD842
  HA5112*  OPA2604*
  LT1057  OP249*
  LT1028

 With op amp part numbers, there is a lot of room for confusion.  
 Here is a guide to the numbers that is often accurate:

 Op amp part numbers start with a manufacturer's prefix:
  Analog Devices uses AD
  Burr Brown uses OPA
  Linear Technology uses LT
  Motorola uses MC
  National uses LF and LM
  PMI uses OP
  Signetics uses NE and SE
  TI uses TL
 This can be confused because if TI copies a Signetics op amp, 
 they may assume the Signetics prefix, or they may use their own.  
 Fortunately, if the part numbers are the same, circuitry is 
 almost exactly the same, as is the performance. (Note: almost)

 The next thing in the part number is two, three, four or five 
 digits.  This is invariably the key to the part. If the numbers 
 are the same, the parts are almost surely the same.  For 
 example, an LM357N and an LM357J are electrically identical and 
 sound the same.

 Next is a letter or two indicating the op amp package and 
 possibly how it has been tested and what tests it passed.  
 Unfortunately, manufacturers haven't standardized these letters.
 Fortunately, you almost never care.  If it is a dual-inline 
 (DIP) package and you are replacing a DIP, you shouldn't have to 
 worry whether or not it is ceramic or molded.  Likewise, you 
 rarely care if it has 100uV offset or 4mV offset for audio.  
 Finally, you don't care if it wasn't tested at elevated 
 temperatures because you will use it in your house, inside well 
 ventilated gear.

 So in general, an NE5532J is a TL5532N, and an AD827JN will 
 sound the same as an AD827LD.  If you aren't sure about some 
 detail, call or write the IC maker and ask for a data sheet on 
 the parts in question.  They will always send data sheets for 
 free, and these data sheets contain details on the various part 
 numbers, internal circuitry, and electrical characteristics.

