JOYSTICK PORTS


                             JOYSTICK PORTS
                             ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ


               As far as I know there has ownly been one disaster 
     with my ST. This problem is situated in most of the ST 
     series of computers, except of the STF range which had 
     joystick ports on the right hand side. The thing that I 
     don't get is that ATARI, first published the STF range with 
     the ports on the right hand side, and then the put them 
     underneath when they launched the STFM. This slight change 
     has caused havoc ever since they were introduced. I bet your 
     now thinking that the new ATARI FALCON will get rid of this 
     glitch. Well I'm afraid your wrong. They are going to 
     introduce them on the FALCON whatever. 


               As I'm a computer electronics engineer, (When of 
     course I don't do this.) I have come across a number of 
     solutions.  These solutions are as follows, they include the 
     advantages and drawbacks:


     1.  Purchase a joystick extender cable.

     ADVANTAGE: No more lifting up the computer every five 
     seconds.
     DISADVANTAGE: In the long run the cable deteriorates.

     2. Place a matcbox or a telephone plug adaptor, under 
     the ports, and carefully put the ST on top.

     ADVANTAGE: This holds the joystick and mouse connections 
     in place, it works better with the joystick extender.
     DISADVANTAGE: This way can be rather tricky to do.

     3. The two options above are cost effective. The best 
     way to fix your ports is by re-soldering the port 
     connections to the pcb. 
     
     ADVANTAGE: The best way to fix the ports.
     DISADVANTAGE: For a person who knows what they are 
     doing, it is simple. Though if you dont know what you are 
     doing then send it to an ATARI dealer to be fixed. 

               I do not take any responsibility, for any work of 
     this nature, from this report. Neither does any person 
     involved with this disk magazine.


                          FORMATIV OF THE D.B.A.
     

