-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            Interview with A.-t-
                               by 3D Addict

                     (3D = 3D Addict - AT = agent -t-)

Originally  we wanted  to make an  exlusive interview  with agent -t- in this
issue of  UnderCover, but  when we were  in the Net last  time, we found this
very detailed interview on his  webpage, so we thought it might be a bit lame
to ask him all those questions once again... Have fun reading it! (mOd)


3D: Ok. Let's  start with  the usual  questions. Tell  me a  little bit about
    yourself.

AT: My real  name is  Kay -t-, and now I am 26 years old. Since half a year I
    live in Hamburg and I like it a lot.
    Since April 97 I study Communicationdesign and beside that I found a very
    cool job in a  computergrafic-factory. In  the last time  I have done all
    the  animations for  a fat game (with  the same  promotion (and quality)-
    capacity as Tomb Raider), with 3D Studio MAX+Characterstudio  thats a lot
    of fun and YES, I get money for this =)...
    But something  that is even better is that, in the following weeks I will
    be trained on a SGI and ALIAS/Poweranimator... I'm very happy about these
    things...
    And in the new school I also  learn much about  traditional grafics  like
    comic-painting, different paint-technics etc. etc... All in all I learned
    a lot of  new things since my  last competition picture in march 97 and I
    also got a lot new influences...

3D: WOW! That  sounds  great! Every  CG  artist's  dream, I  guess :)  Please
    describe yourself as a person. Are you a cool type of a guy or more funny
    one? Do you take life seriously or are you more relaxed and live the life
    without thinking much about the future?

AT: I am afraid that I'm a little bit crazy...but I can manage it =)...I live
    in a very relaxed  way and enjoy my life. The situation right now is very
    good for me because I  can work when  I want to and I get enough money to
    have an enjoyable  life... I don't think a lot about the future, the only
    ambition I've is to get a better and better graphican so that  I can live
    easily with  enough money and always just work in jobs that will bring me
    closer and closer  to my goal... Oh, I forgot...for 3 years I have an own
    column  in the  last  german  ATARI-magazine (ST-COMPUTER) where  I write
    something about the scene and so on...

3D: How nice.. :) Hmm, do you remember your first computer? And what computer
    do you use now? Do you also miss the the good old days of C64 and A500?

AT: My  first  computer  was  an  ATARI  800 XE (argh, the  opponent  of  the
    C64...=)...) and I payed a lot of money for  this cause I  wanted to code
    something. At  this time  I was 16  years old  and from  this moment on I
    loved this  hobby more  and more. The  simple architecture of this little
    "AMIGA" gave me the chance to understand a computer and how it works.
    Than I got an ATARI ST and later an AMIGA, too. 1994 I put  my hands on a
    ATARI Falcon  and since january 97 I have a PC, too (for faster rendering
    of course). Yes, I  miss the  fat scene-days  a little  bit but it's also
    cool to be in the professional business. I remember nights watching demos
    together  with friends  and  dream about  a career as a gamegraphician or
    something =)...

3D: Hehe :) I guess most of us did that, back then. Tell me, how and when did
    you become involved in the scene and when did you start drawing/tracing?

AT: I did my first  steps with BASIC and  one day I coded an own paintprogram
    in BASIC  and drew  my first  digital picture  with a  Joystick point for
    point (before  this I  was not  so  interested  in  grafics). I  remember
    exactly it was a dungeon like scene... I showed this picture to a friend,
    he was a  very good coder and he was impressed about the pic and said: Ey
    man, we make  an adventure! From this day on I made plans for more grafic
    and painted  some pic's for this project (of course it was never finished
    but that was the reason why I made more and more grafic)...
    OK, a few  years later (I  think around  1990) I bought my first ATARI ST
    and was  very happy  about its big resolution and colourdepth (320*200 in
    16 colors...grin...). I coded and made grafix again and on this machine I
    first looked at a demo. Yep, from this moment on I wished to be in a cool
    crew. And one  year later I joined a crew called ACF, we made some intros
    and of  course a megademo and  that gave us a place under the most famous
    ATARI-crews. From  this  time  on I was  in the  charts  under  the first
    5 ATARI-graphicans. I was very proud of this and worked hard on myself. I
    sat nearly  every day in  front of my ST and painted a lot. In 1992, on a
    copyparty (before  the megademo), I had my key-experience: I saw a french
    graphican who  copied a comic. Till  this moment I painted out of my mind
    only, but since  that time on  I had the  wish to make real pictures, not
    only little pics and logos and so on... OK, the rest is typical. I copied
    many  artists  like  Boris Vallejo  and  Vicente Segrelle  and  tried  to
    develop a cool technique to bring the originals in the best way under the
    limitations of the hardware.
    But in 1994 I got my FALCON with its unbelieveable  graphic-possibilities
    (16 bit colourdepth and max. resolution around 786*512). On  this machine
    I painted my  first 16bit picture which also was my last copy of an other
    artist (the dragon and the persons were from V. Segrelle, the rest was my
    own ;)). I think  if U have (nearly) no  hardware-limitations you have to
    go your own  way, coz it's no special art to copy a picture one to one if
    you've got so many colours and HiRes. Jep, you can see the rest ...

3D: I agree  with  you  completely. Which  hardware/software  do you  use for
    drawing, and where do you get the inspiration from?

AT: In  my  ST times  I painted  with  DPaint ST. Yes  believe  it, it  looks
    different from the AMIGA one, but has the same functions. Later I painted
    a few pictures on my AMIGA with the original DP, too. For pixeling  I use
    my good old  FALCON mostly, with  a simple  paintprogram coded by friends
    from the  scene. I only  need a cool  ZOOM-function and that's it.
    But in the last half year I "played" around  with my  prefered  renderkit
    (CINEMA-4D) mostly  and made  aditional  GFX with  Photoshop. Not so much
    pixeling. I'am  inspired by  the world around me, I've got the best ideas
    in the "Hamburger subway". If  the idea is really cool I write it down at
    once forming the details in my mind, till the motive in my head is clear.
    It happens often  that I go to sleep, thinking about some visual effects,
    then I get up and  try out the idea . My entry for the SiliConvention '97
    rendercompo, was  such a  case. 70% of  the work  was made  between 2 - 8
    o'clock AM, and after sleeping I made the final touches.

3D: 2-8 a clock? Thats pretty late. Hmm, how many hours a day do you spend in
    front of your  computer, and how  many of those  hours are used on making
    gfx?

AT: I think 4-6 hours every day (including job), 3/4 of this time is involved
    in graphics. The rest is www or scene-things.

3D: Ok. When drawing, do  you have  a perfect vision  in your mind  or do you
    draw more freely, by letting your image evolve  in whatever direction you
    may feel like it.

AT: I have not a  real finished  motive in my  mind but I do  have the mood I
    want. During the painting it  can very well  be that I have a better idea
    for details in the picture  so that  the final result  has not much to do
    with my first idea, except the mood.

3D: Hehe :) Please describe in steps how do you create an image. Do you start
    by making an sketch on paper, or is everything done on the computer?

AT: Until now I've never made a sketch before...I start with the outlines and
    change them until the proportions are right. Then I try out the colours I
    want. When  that is OK, I make  the details  more and more  exact. My own
    thing  is  that  I  have NO  palette. In  my GFX-prog  I can  change  the
    RGB-channels  freely  with  keys  so I  can  change the colors absolutely
    freely. It's nearly  a convetional  way of  painting  like with  oil, but
    pixel for pixel.

3D: Well, I know from my own experience that it can take days and often weeks
    to draw a  good picture. How long does it take to draw a good picture for
    you, and what are the most important aspects of making a great image?

AT: If I make a picture for a competition I change my lifestyle completely. I
    do nothing  else and  spend one - two weeks  only for pixeling, mostly 15
    and more  hours a day. Yes  it's a hard  trip, but  one or two times in a
    year I like it =)... In my opinion the most important  thing is the idea.
    Everyone can  learn a clean  technique but  forming a cool motive in your
    mind (and stand behind it) is even harder. The problem is that during the
    painting  U see your own  motive every day and half of the time you think
    it's complete  shit and  the other  half you  think it's  great. It's  an
    emotional  up'n'down. I think  the copyist  doesn't  have  such  a  close
    feeling of that.

3D: I really  like your  idea of "changing the lifestyle completly". I always
    try to do  it myself, when  I can. But  rarely have  time for it. Anyway,
    what do  you find  the most  difficult to  draw, and  which phase of your
    drawing do  you enjoy most? Personally I like mostly making the finishing
    touches when the image is about 95% complete...

AT: The hardest phase is making  a motive in  outlines and  find the colours,
    but it's the most creative phase, too. That  is the reason why I like it.
    The rest  is a bit of a  slave's job but you get  more satisfaction. It's
    fun, too...

3D: Which  of your  own images  do you consider as the best one and which was
    the most difficult to draw?

AT: The best one is always the latest one, but the real best one is a picture
    that you'll still like after years. My today's favorite is the last piece
    I've drawn, but the  hardest work I  ever dealt  with is my  SYMPOSIUM 96
    picture coz it  is in hires and not easy to paint, partly into interlace-
    mode... I split the picture in  sections, so it is hard to get a complete
    picture with the right proportions. I think I have around 25Mb developing
    GFX, only for this pic. I plan to  do a "making of" corner of  some of my
    pic's on my website, coz it exists a lot of people that can't imagine how
    such a pixelpic evolves.

3D: Great idea, it could  be really cool  if you could  post them  to GFXZ as
    well. Do  you consider  drawing  in  8 bit color  mode a  limitation or a
    challenge for you?

AT: All my  latest  pictures  are  in 16bit, it's  easier  to develop  a less
    sterile style...but  in my ST/AMIGA times I saw the color-limitation as a
    challenge. From time to time I very much  like making a logo or something
    in limitated colors...it's a kind of sport...

3D: :) What do you think about raytracing?

AT: Jep, I spent  almost the  last nine months raytracing and it's a cool way
    to get a fast visualisation of your idea. But many raytraced pictures are
    complete  manure. In  my opinion  a better  trace-man  is someone who has
    pixelated before coz he knows exactly what he wants from his picture. The
    second  point  is  that, for  example, I  paint, of  course, most  of the
    textures by myself, so that I have a better control of the result (on the
    professional side I ONLY trace coz it's faster and  for animations it's a
    must). Believe  me, I  know  what  I'm  talking  about  coz  I  have been
    pixelating for the last 2-3 years for games and other  commercial things.
    Tracing is faster AND better. But  the best  way is  a combination of all
    techniques... tracing, pixeling and retouch...

3D: I agree with you completely :) What do you think about redrawing then?

AT: Redrawing  is very  important  to develop  a good  technique and to learn
    about proportions, colors etc. But one day you must take the next step!

3D: That's very true. I just wish that more scene graphicians were willing to
    take the next step ASAP for their own good. Well, you have been an active
    scener for  some time now, you must have seen a lot of pics made by other
    graphicians. Who is your favourite graphician and why?

AT: Yes, in the past  there were  some AMIGA-guys like RA (sorry I don't know
    all the  other names) that  I like. I  met some  very nice graphicans and
    respect their  work but  in the last few years I found the scene-output a
    bit boring. Very clean techniques but the same motives every time.
    Halfnaked women are so easy to paint. And one aspect I really dislike is,
    that so many graphicians try to cheat  only to win a competition, it's so
    poor. For example on the Symposium '96 there was  an anonymous compo, but
    some guys  showed their  images with  included alias before and after the
    compo on  their own  machines, or  made  another  entry under a different
    pseudo. But  the lamest  assholes handed  in scanned  and retouched pics.
    It's cool that I  still won but  you lose your motivation because of such
    things. My  greatest respect  belongs to  another ATARI-scener, my friend
    Mc Fly. He gives  his soul  for a picture and  he makes  the best pixeled
    grafic ever seen. But  during the last 2-3 years he has only been working
    on commercial things. I wish we could make a final fight =)...

3D: Sounds very  interesting, I'm  sure that  other graphicians would love to
    see Mc Fly's  work. Now, I  dont know  how much  you know about the Amiga
    scene but, do you have any favourite groups, musicians, coders, diskmags?
    Favourite demos?

AT: Of course, but mostly  on the ATARI side of the scene. On AMIGA I enjoyed
    the work of SANITY and KEFRENS. Musicans  like Jester  and Jesper Kyd are
    always remembered. But I don't know any names of newer demos. On ATARI my
    favorite  groups  are LAZER, AVENA (my own crew) and  TSCC. Musicans  are
    TOMMY (AVENA) and  STAX (LAZER) on  the digital  side, MAD MAX (TEX), TAO
    (CREAM), BigAlec (Delta Force) and Scavenger (Synergy) on  the  CHIPmusic
    side. I  met  a lot  of  very  cool coders  like  Tat (AVENA), Photon and
    Energizer (LAZER), Lucky  of ST (Inter) and  some guys  from TSCC (sorry,
    there are  many more)... My (gfx-)respect  also for Niko, Tanis, Spaz and
    many more...

3D: Yeah! I really  like Sanity  and  Kefrens too. Productions from these old
    groups are simply unforgetable. Ok, what are your future party plans, are
    you heading for Saturne '97 or The Party '97, other parties?

AT: Wait and see... I'am not so motivated coz it's little challenge. But I'am
    thinking  about a "final fight": I will only go to another nonATARI party
    if I have  my very  best most  brainblasting  picture  ever and if I feel
    certain that I rule the  competition. Maybe I will find the time for this
    project...

3D: "Most brainblasting  pic", Wow! I'm  really  looking forward  to that :))
    What does the scene mean  to you, and  which aspects  do you like/dislike
    about it?

AT: The ATARI-scene was very important for me, we are a great family and it's
    very nice  to meet  all the  people on a party. I respect the AMIGA-scene
    for its creative output .

3D: I think  that everybody  should respect  the Amiga scene for its creative
    output. Well, you're more or less a professional graphician, but what are
    your goals in this business?

AT: Well, I'm nearly  a prof  graphican, now, and  it's nice to get money for
    things you  like to do. My future goal is to manage professional software
    like ALIAS  and Softimage  and learn  more and more every time... And one
    day I would like to make computeranimations for movies or so.

3D: Actually, I've the same  goal :) Who knows, maybe some time in the future
    we will meet  at ILM or something? Hmm?!? Could be cool. Anyway, what are
    your other interests/hobbies, besides your scene activities?

AT: I read  a lot  and I  like  good books  very  much. A cool  author is Nil
    Stephenson. Besides that  I like to be in motion on my rollerblades or on
    some kind of fighting arts. Since I life in Hamburg I have  started a new
    carrier as a partyfreak, in this city  U can make party every night. It's
    so cool. And  on top  of that  I spend most  of my freetime together with
    good friends...

3D: Thats great! Btw, I forgot  to ask you this: who is your favourite artist
    outside the scene?

AT: I like the  work from Jeremy Birn (renderer) and  aspects from Escher and
    some artists that I don't know the names of.

3D: Do you believe in God? What is the meaning of life?

AT: NOT really. The meaning is: be, and "fass das Leben an" (or 42...grin).

3D: One last question: How did you come up with your handle/alias?

AT: Ohhh  no, my  alias  is  the  worst  ever  heard  of. And  the  story  is
    embarrassing, but  I hate  changing the  alias  every  week...that's  the
    reason why I stuck to mine for seven years, now...

3D: Ok, well  we reached  the end  of this  interview, would  you like to say
    Hello to anyone?

AT: Yes! I want to say hello to all creative  guys in the scenes  I have ever
    met, of  course all  graphicians (especially McFly (Bleick)) and the guys
    from my crews ACF, CREAM and AVENA. And  of course my best friend JANOSCH
    the  musican. And  at  least  greetings  to:  Silli,  Gesa, Beret, Merle,
    Doroteh, Moui, Eun Young, Yan Soon and especially to Youan Nim...

3D: Thank  you for your  time and  best of  all in  your  future  plans  as a
    graphician. :)

AT: No problem, I'm proud to be interviewed. Thanx!

3D: I'm very glad to hear that, it makes me happy :)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------