
                      Alternative Party Information


                               The Story

This was one of those funny ideas that keep annoying you when you're supposed
to be having a  normal day. Just when one more boring day is about to pass by
unnoticed  it hits you. There I was  chatting on IRC with some strange people
and  before I could  do anything about it  I was already typing out something
like "Why not have a really DIFFERENT computer party?".
Oops! Fatal  error $00F4. What  made it  even worse  was the fact that people
seemed to  actually like that idea.. Something was definitely wrong here, and
I still haven't figured out what that something was.


                                The Idea

Gather  a  whole  bunch  of  computer  freaks  together. Filter  out  all the
multimedia PC and AGA Amiga people. What's left? A bunch of total weirdos who
think 'life' is  a bunch  of pixels  moving across  the  screen  occasionally
colliding  with each other. The  name of this event? The Different Party? The
Weirdo Party? The Pathetic Party?
Nope, it's  just a boring 'Alternative Party'. Maybe  the name isn't terribly
enlightening but we're geeks, we don't need good names.


                                The Machines

Just some of the computers you can take part with:
  Altair
  Amiga500-1000
  Amstrad CPC464/6128
  Apple I/II
  Archimedes
  Atari
  BBC
  Commodore PET/VIC/64/128
  Cray
  Digital Alpha
  Dragon
  IBM RS6000
  PC (286 or less, no GUS/SB or modern gfxcards)
  Silicon Graphics
  Sinclair ZX80/ZX81/ZX Spectrum/QL
  Sun Microsystems
  ...and the list goes on, use your imagination if you have any...

In fact, the  weirder and  rarer the  machine, the  better. We'll also try to
bring a  whole pile of  really strange  machines for  everyone to try out and
have fun with.


                                  The Place

Turku, Finland in a large (3000m^2) building called "Palatsi"
(http://www.turku.fi/nuorto/palatsi/).
There are all  the necessary party facilities in the building: showers, audio
equipment, video equipment, cafe, internet connection etc. It is right in the
center  of  the  Turku  city  so it  is practically  surrounded  by hamburger
restaurants, shops  and all  other sources  of Coke (there's  even a Megazone
nearby for those who love shooting at each other with laser beams).


                                The Dimension

                      Easter 1998, 10th-12th April.


                                  The Price

Your Soul plus:
100 Finnish marks (about 20 US dollars) if a reservation is made beforehand
130 Finnish marks (about 26 US dollars) if the entrance fee is paid at the
    door.
20 Finnish marks if you happen to be a female, regardless of whether you make
   a reservation  beforehand or  pay at the door. (this means we would prefer
   if people made reservations instead of paying at the door)


                                  The Compos

Any  machine  but new PCs (>286) and  new Amigas (AGA) can  take part  in the
compos. We will have a variety of machines to present the demos on but if you
have a rare machine it doesn't matter, just bring it up to the compo stand!
For this reason  the compos might  actually be spread out for a longer period
of time. The  machine must  also be  able to  produce  some standard  kind of
visual  output for  the demo  compo. VGA, RGB (with correct cables) or TV are
all  OK. At  this point  in time we  have planned  a demo, chip  music, ASCII
graphics and rare computer compo.
  Demo
  - Must be under 5 MBs.
  - PCs must not use any processor faster than a 286.
  - No GUS/SB soundcards (or compatible) in PCs.
  - No modern 3D cards in PCs.
  - Machine  must produce some standard graphics output.
  - Should contain a screen explaining which machine it's being run on.
  Chip Music
  - Must contain no samples.
  - Machine has  to have an  audio out to connect to the amplifier (TV out is
    OK).
  - Music will  be recorded  to DAT or  some other  format  before  compo and
    played from it.
  ASCII Graphics
  - Resolution 80x25
  - Only standard 7-bit ASCII supported.
  - Will be shown with the 'cat' command or something similar.
  - The terminal speed will be set to 19200 bps.
  - The terminal  will be set  to vt100/vt102/vt220 so you can create special
    effects and animations!
  Rarest Computer Compo
  - There will  be a  prize given  to the person  who brings the weirdest and
    most obsolete computer to the party.
  - The organizers  will tour the  place searching  for interesting machines,
    but if you  want to make  sure your machine  is considered, inform any of
    the organizers at the place about it.


                                Extra Bonuses

On Saturday  when Megazone  is open, all  party guests  get a 10FIM reduction
from the  normal Megazone price, which  makes 30FIM  per game per  person. We
will possibly also organize a few special party games only for party guests.
Megazone is  a laser war game played indoors in teams. The aim of the game is
basically  to fire at members  of all other teams except your own and to gain
as many points as possible.


                             The Gods Themselves

Contact us  for any extra information on the party, to suggest a good idea or
if you want to become an official sponsor. It would also be nice to hear from
you if you already know you'll definitely be there :-)

  Aggression and Friends
  email: setok@fishpool.com
  phone: +358-50-5911083
  smail: Kristoffer Lawson
         Asemakuja 3C 53
         02770 Espoo
         Finland

  Alternative Party list
  email: altparty@fishpool.com
  If you're interested you can join this list by emailing
  majordomo@fishpool.com with the text 'subscribe altparty' in the body.


                            Current Sponsors

  Fishpool Creations Oy Ltd.
  email: info@fishpool.com
  URL: http://www.fishpool.com/
  phone: +358-9-6857995
  street address: Fishpool Creations
                  Eerikinkatu 28
                  00180 Helsinki
                  Finland

  Megazone Turku
  phone: +358-02-2501161
  street address: Megazone
                  Eerikinkatu 4
                  Bottom floor
                  Turku
                  Finland


                                 Disclaimer

More compos and  events might be  added or the compo rules changed. This text
file will be updated whenever necessary.

