-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
{*f1FEEDBACK AND VOICES{*f0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yep, we received a real  load of meanings, letters and mails after UCM 10 and
it gave  us much  more motivation  because we  got  the info  that the UCM is
needed  and I  think we  must go  on and  not talking shit. I don't want that
someone will jump from the bridge because of our quit, hehe...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

505 / Checkpoint...

Die ZEHN is cool (3. Platz!!, ich glaub es nicht), bloss ist schon krass, wie
die Scene "shrinkt"..

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Ryder / Vectronix...

Heard that you were having thoughts of stopping the UCM!!
But that your over it now! Good thing!  I'd miss them like HELL! ;)
...
I'll try to help with submission whenever I can!  Gotta keep the UCM
alive!  It's the best damn zine out there..!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Mike / Stax...

Euer Mag habe ich  mir auch mal kurz angeschaut. Ich wÅnsche Euch viel Erfolg
und natÅrlich auch Spaû damit!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Earx / Fun...

I read ucm10 (got it from your e-mail :)) and it was cool. Loads of nice in-
depth articles about scene-stuff, drawing, music.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Jace / ST Knights

Undercover is the last global magazine  on ST that  is really speaking of the
Atari scene in general.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

ST Survivor / NLC

Again, congratulations for this new Undercover as interesting as usual, just
great! This ascii art used in the mag also looks nice even though I'm not
always sure of the figures I read in the demo ratings....

editors note: we'll try to make it better with the ascii's... no problem!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Mr Pink / Reservoir Gods

Dear Undercover Magazine,

I read  with interest  your review of "Maggie 24" and found it to be, in your
words, "very buggy".

"At last we heard some rumour about a new shell for the Falcon-version and so
 I thought that  the new issue will come only with the new shell, but nothing
 happened."

Hum... How can  you have failed to notice the new shell? Did you not read the
doc file? Did you not see the loading  text  that reads "NEW SHELL PREVIEW"?
Perhaps your monitor has been destroyed  after  hours  running the flickering
Undercover shell and you could not see the changes.

Maggie 24 has  been totally 100% recoded. Not  a single line of code from the
original is in the new version. The old Maggie was entirely coded in assembly
which meant it was difficult to maintain  and  track  down  the bugs. The new
version is coded in C with assembly sub routines for sprites, scrolling etc.

If you had studied Maggie 24 you may have noticed a few clues that things had
changed somewhat...

o New videl system (no longer is there a initial flickering screen on
  TOS 4.01)
o New Loading system ( more flexible for us but slightly increased loading
  time)
o New Loading Info Screen  (Featuring the text "NEW SHELL PREVIEW")
o New effect for bring menu picture on
o New effect for bringing icons on
o New main menu mouse pointer
o New scrolltext ( no longer has plasma background  )
o New scrolltext effect  ( goes behind ferns on picture! )
o New highlight method for icons
o New way of bringing up menu tablets ( no longer rotating boxes )
o New way of highlighting menu entries
o New way of bringing on graphics in doc displayer screen
o New keyboard shortcuts in doc displayer
o New text displayer which now supports first word plus files
  ( with BOLD, italic, light, underline or any combination of these )
o New improved picture viewer code
o New loading effect ( animated disk graphic )
o New 100% working quit!
o New much faster operation on VGA (now runs in a frame)

Given your  undoubted journalistic  credentials, I am very surprised that all
these things escaped your attention.

"But the  Falcon-shell, hum. At the first view it's the same, but you have no
 quit-button anymore."

 ..err no. The first view is that it is *similar* but obviously different.
And you can quit - just press F10!

"But at the second  view the viewer is very shitty! The mouse is disabled now
 and you have to smash some buttons to reach the included pictures or to come
 back to  the menu. Perhaps there is a read-me  somewhere  in  the  mag but I
 don't understand this move, sorry guys."

*sigh* if you had bothered to read ANY of the documentation you would realise
the reasons behind this. Maggie 24 featured the shell in an unfinished state.
I didn't have time to code  the  mouse  pointer  in the text displayer before
the release  date of the Atari show. As  all the documentation explained, the
missing features would be ready in time for Maggie 25.

The lack  of a mouse  isn't that  fatal, I'm sure  even  DiskMag  editors can
remember two keys 'Space' for a picture and 'Escape' to  quit. Pretty obvious
stuff really.

Its ironic, but when I spoke to Mod at the Fried Bits he said there should be
a keyboard  shortcut to  quit the doc  displayer in Maggie quickly because he
disliked  moving the mouse all the way up the quit button. I pointed out that
you could press the 'Undo' key which he didn't seem to know about. He said it
should  be  something  more  obvious  like 'Backspace' (as  in Undercover) or
'Escape'. So I follow this advice and again get complaints!

As for your comments about the news pages being a big propaganda for
Reservoir Gods.
Well obviously! This  is "Reservoir Gods Maggie" and  we are going to include
all the news about our productions! We could say: "We are working on loads of
exciting projects for the Falcon, but we won't mention them. Here's some real
scene  news about a french/german/dutch crew who have been working on a game/
demo/utitlity for the last two years and still haven't finished!"

We release  lots of  stuff. We are  the  most  productive  crew on the Falcon
scene. This is  not to be boastful or  arrogant, it  is simply a fact. I know
that we are not the most talented crew on the scene,  I  would never consider
myself  to be a coder  on a par with the great demo crews  of  the world. But
unlike a  lot of our contemporaries we are very active and do actually finish
projects.

If you look at our productions between Maggie 24 and Maggie 25 you will see

o Megaman
o Just Not Cricket!
o Kirby's Dreamland
o HTML converter
o Jazz Club Ascii Intro
o Decibel
o Snowtro Xmas 97 Demo
o Static
o Fractal Playground
o Two 128 byte intros
o Second Installment of New maggie shell

During this  time we also  worked on  the Reservoir Gods  CD, "HEAVEN" or new
falcon GUI, "GODSCAPE" our web-browser (and my final year project  at uni!) a
NES emulator with Ed Cleveland and a 6502  debugger.  Oh  and  a new web page
and the HTML conversion of maggie.

We are doing our best to  support  the  Falcon scene. You criticise the scene
for dying and not producing anything, it is ironic that you also criticise us
for being so prolific.

"But back  to my final  words... the only minus point this time is the Falcon
 shell. But the ST shell runs also on  the  F030 and so you can just read the
 ST version instead  of the buggy one if  you're suffering too much under the
 other one."

Lets get this straight now - Tat has done a fantastic job upgrading the Delta
Force shell, but no Falcon owner wants to run this when they can have a shell
with true  colour graphics, 32 channel  music  and full colour screenshots of
all the games and demos.

I really  had to laugh  when you called  the Maggie shell buggy. Sure the M24
shell is incomplete, and yes it still lacks some crucial features. But buggy?
One of the main reasons I recoded the shell  was  to  eradicate all bugs from
shell and the new shell is the most stable yet. I  have  yet to find any bugs
with M24 and  it has never  crashed on  me. The  picture  is stable, all  the
articles load fine.
If you  can find  any bugs  in the Maggie 24 shell then please let me know! I
really do want Maggie to be totally bug free.


When I get an issue of UnderCover I have to grit my teeth as the thing is so,
i'll choose  my words  carefully here, "buggy". The whole screen jumps up and
down all the  time. Articles  that are  listed  in  the  menu don't load. Not
only does quit not work properly but it  bombs  out  the machine. The palette
splits cause horrible flickering colours on  my  monitor  which  added to the
jumping screen leads to headache city.

I could go on but I am sure you are perfectly aware of the bugs with the
Undercover shell, and these are geniune bona-fide bugs, not just missing
features. And not only that, they are bugs that have been there for years!

Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy Undercover magazine, especially your scene
news which is second to none. I just wish you had a decent shell that
actually worked. It doesn't need to  be  flashy  -  just display text without
causing my monitor to have a fit. Maggie readers  are  lucky - if they really
are having problems with the Falcon shell they can run the ST one. Undercover
readers don't have the same privelege.

I know Drizzt is a very good coder, its a shame he doesn't have the
motivation to fix your shell. I hear that Pieter Van Der Meer may create a
new shell for you - if this is true this is great  news  as he is a bright up
and coming coder and I'm sure he'll do a great job.


The main reason why I wrote this letter was to try and rectify the succession
of inaccurate stories about Maggie that started in the last issue.

"Reservoir Gods to code brainblasting intro for Maggie 23 for both Falcon and
 ST versions!"

Its very  flattering  of you to suggest that I could actually code a
'brainblasting' intro ( I think 'mindnumbing' would  be a better phrase ) but
we never had any plans to code a intro for  this issue, and even if we did it
would be a Falcon intro only - how many RG ST productions are there?
The strange thing about this story is that  you already had M23 and it
obviously didn't have an RG intro on it, but you still left this strange news
item in.

But is gets more eccentric..

"New Beat have put Willies on hold as they are coding the new shell for
 Maggie."

At this point I began to wonder if I was reading the electronic equivalent of
the Sunday Sport. New  Beat are  not  coding  the new maggie shell! They have
never been  asked to code a maggie shell, and if  they have put their Willies
on ice it is nothing to do with us! This story  is  a total fabrication!
New Beat did code the excellent Falcon intro for Maggie 24 which you could
have made the effort to review properly.

This is another thing that baffles me slightly about Undercover - you
complain about the lack of activity on the scene, but when you receive
productions you don't seem to bother to review  them properly. You don't read
the  documentation and hence  make mistakes in  your criticisms and also your
reviews are very short. Surely  the lack of  software means that  you  should
have ample time to thorougly test each production.

This is  more of  a personal  point, but  please could  you be  a little less
negative about the atari scene? We  all know that the scene in 1998 is not as
strong as  it used to be  and we don't need constant reminding and moaning in
every article. It becomes depressing to read a lot  of  Undercover because of
all the complaining.
When I  read a DiskMag  I want  to leave  it  with a  smile on my face, not a
desire to commit suicide! This doesn't mean that you should pretend the Atari
scene is as vibrant as ever, but  you  can concentrate more  on the remaining
crews and productions and try to be a bit more  positive about  them. Try and
add some more humour! Some more cheerful  colours!  More graphics! I am a big
fan of MODs graphics so I hope to see more of them  on the new shell, also it
would be cool if you had a screenshots facility like Maggie.

OK, I'll stop rambling on here as its getting very late  ( I wonder, do all
coders live only in the nightime hours?)  I  hope I haven't come across as
being too negative. I do enjoy Undercover, it really is an essential read.
Yours scene new section is fantastic - I  admit, this section does beat
Maggie! ( for the moment at least....). I really enjoy the scene charts, this
is obviously a very popular section and hopes to motivate crews to do better.

I also really like your interviews, these are very well done with interesting
and though provoking questions.

Its great  to have  some real  competition  at last. I  can wait for the Earx
shell, its sure to be great!

All the best with the next issue!

And may you have a bug-free 1998!

    Mr Pink / Reservoir Gods

editors note: Ok, after this new big  propaganda strike for the MAGGIE I will
              loose again some little  words. I don't  want to justify myself
              for every word I wrote but let me explain some little things.
              I haven't checked that the  shell was only a  beta version! Ok,
              perhaps I have missed the little box you're  talking about, but
              why you have released a beta version when the  former shell had
              done the job at least as good as the new one?
              You have listed a load of features and I must admit that I dont
              have noticed them all. But why? Who the hell is interested in a
              new mouse pointer? I don't have any  interested in  new effects
              for bringing  icons and  grafix  to the  screen! Do  you really
              thinking I'm sitting in front of my monitor to  check out every
              little pixel and  how it  appears on  the screen?! Sorry, but I
              only wanted to  read a little  bit in the  mag and was a little
              bit  frustrated as  nothing runs  in the same  way as in former
              issues, or before you're  running  around to kick  me again, it
              seems as  nothing was  running  in the  same  way as  in former
              issues. For me  it was somekind of logistic bug too, to release
              the mag in this way. Why a  logistic bug? You  had a shell with
              only a few and really  unimportant  errors, which  had done the
              job for  Maggie 24  as well. You  could  have  finished the new
              shell without  any stress  by releasing  the old one again. You
              had this chance. We not, we must release the UCM  with old and
              of course buggy shell because  no one  was coding  on the shell
              anymore  and so  it's also  some kind of  senseless  to tell me
              again and again how buggy our shell is! It goes  onto my nerves
              because I'm  really aware of  the errors of our (old) shell but
              what should I  do? Jumping in front  of the next train? Jumping
              from a bridge? Try  to jump  around on my  own head? Or  try to
              entertain  the scene  with our  very  hard  limits  as  good as
              possible?! We  had chosen  the last  point, cause not the shell
              makes a mag, the contents doing this. Ok, we had some errors in
              our news part  last time, but there were 40 KB of news from all
              over the world and please tell me how we should check out all?!
              It's impossible. About the  thing with  the propaganda  I wrote
              you already back via Email and I hope you understand my view on
              this point. Btw, it's very strange for me that ALL of you don't
              have checked this little bug! Maggie isn't the earnest magazine
              on earth and you  all writing  articles (or just feedback) with
              many different hided jokes and sarcastic or ironic meanings but
              finally you all failed in this little joke! Very strange... but
              it seems as it's your weak point (huuu... something about a bit
              psychology: if a joke damages  your self-confidence, you  can't
              laugh about it. If  someone has a strong self-confidence he had
              laughed about it. So what?! Don't want to write more about this
              point...). You can make jokes about others en masse but if some
              people attacking you in any point, you're going mad like hell.
              I don't understand this.
              And I  don't want  to write  more. I'm tired  of all these dull
              stuff.
              Hum, but  some words  to our  pessimistic views. I  don't think
              that it's good to use pink glasses all the  time. We're writing
              this stuff  because we must  inform about  these things. As you
              know still today several people haven't matched  it to see that
              the scene isn't  the same  anymore as  5 years ago. And I can't
              run around  with a grin  in my face when  I hear or read that a
              group will stop  doing anything for  Atari. And  we report also
              any good news and don't  hide them! Do  you think  it's good to
              swap  only propaganda  stuff and  irritate  all the  people out
              there? It remembers a bit to the Third Reich. All spreaded only
              enthusiastic news and finally all were surprised by the fall of
              the Reich. Do  you think people  going mad if they see that all
              are stopping? I think  if you  have left  some interest for the
              scene  you will work much more if you read that all things slow
              down, because  you will  try to  save the  scene! But if you're
              reading that  all things going  fine you  will also  think that
              there are enough people around doing  something and there is no
              real need  to make  something by  yourself. The  meaning of our
              messages is: Go on! Don't leave your friends alone! If you want
              to belong to this scene, do something or go to hell!
              Hum. I will stop here, because I have to do still other things,
              but if you want to talk  more about  all these  points you can
              write to me (email)...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

editors note: Last  but not  least I got  a long mail from Ripley / Reservoir
              Gods and I don't have problems to spare this with you...

Dear Moondog,

I recently read the review of Maggie 24 in UCM 10 and, as usual, was dismayed
by the amount of inaccuracy the review contained.

Falcon  Maggie 24  is a PREVIEW  of the  new Maggie  Shell. If  you  load the
diskzine you will see  a credit box  displaying the words Maggie Falcon-shell
Preview.
Furthermore if you actually read any of the articles about the shell you will
also find reiterated, that is it only a PREVIEW of the new shell.
Hmm.. do  you know what the word preview  means? it means  the first stage in
development, something that is, as yet, incomplete - an  early  glimpse of an
unfinished product.
We have  heard rumours that  your Falcon  is broken, so  perhaps this is the
reason why you are unable to grasp this rather basic concept, not being able
to load Falcon Maggie 24 (with New Shell Preview) at all.  If this is true I
would point out that attempting a review of something that you have not seen
is not only unethical, unfair and unprofessional but is also apathetic and
the sort of attitude which will lead to the demise of the Falcon scene.
May I also quote  some of  the points your 'review' made (in your own highly
eloquent words):
"the viewer is very shitty"
"Buggy"
"if you're suffering too much under the Falcon one"
The Falcon viewer  on Maggie 24 features the fastest, smoothest viewer which
Maggie has ever had in its long history.  It was entirely coded from scratch
by Mr Pink and  to call it "shitty" is inexplicable, bizarre and lazy.
We have no objection to constructive  criticism, but just to say "the viewer
is very shitty" is, well, very shitty journalism by anyone's standards.
As to  the "buggy" nature of the shell, which seems to afflict you in a very
physical way, to  the extent where it is obviusly torturous to use, causing
you great suffering and distress, we are completely mystified.
All programs have some bugs, but the Maggie 24 Falcon Shell PREVIEW has
nothing to deserve comments about such huge amounts "suffering".
Furthermore you do not specify what these 'huge bugs' are. We are very
interested.  Please tell us about these horrendous bugs  which cause you such
distress and pain.  We're waiting with baited-breath to hear.
I myself  have never  found a single bug, even a small one, in the Maggie 24
Falcon-Shell Preview  and certainly  have never come across anything that
would cause me to  be either rolling around on the floor in agony or to have
to avert my eyes in pain.  However I am afraid that I have to say that the
latter, that is having to avert my eyes, DOES apply to your own incredibly
"buggy" viewer. When I  run Undercover Mag  on my  VGA monitor  it flickers
uncontrollably and almost constantly, causing reading to be a difficult and
unpleasant experience. The Mag also crashes very frequently, has a large
amount of graphical corruption and also  does not quit cleanly - I would like
to point out that you complained about  the lack of a quit icon in the Maggie
24 Falcon-Shell PREVIEW [hmm.. what  about talking  about the  content of the
articles? the style? the design?] yet when I  used the quit  option in
Undercover Mag 10 and then loaded Undercover Mag 9, the  magazine crashed.
I expect my poor Falcon couldn't cope with such  an overload of "buggy" code
on its abused chips.  The outcome of it was that I had  to return to the
safety of the reset button, as I might as well have done in the first place
to save wasting time with a deceptive quit option.
I could go on to mention things like how you complain about the news section
when your own news section is constantly filled with a series of inaccuracies
[New Beat are  going to be coding the new maggie Falcon shell and are putting
Willy's on hold because of it? really? I never heard that one despite being a
member of the  Maggie Team..], how  you complain about  Maggie  being  merely
"propaganda for the Reservoir Gods" (hmm.. well we  are actually a productive
crew and like people to know about  what we  have done so  they can enjoy our
products - No! you're right! we'll shut ourselves in a little box and never
say a word again.) and the general quality of your reviews which could be
summed up as 'half-hearted' at best.
But I won't, because  I'm sure, as any good journalist is, you're well aware
of your own limitations.

Ripley / RG

editors note: Hum... because I already wrote a  mail back  to Ripley for this
              (erm, and I wrote it in german because I like it to beat others
              with their own weapons.. what she can do in english I can write
              in german for decades, but with the difference that I  can read
              their letter but she will don't understand only one single line
              of my one.. hehehe) I will not go deeper into this little piece
              of junk. Even if several people said that I don't  have to take
              this mail too seriously I  will let not  stand all  their words
              without leaving the one or other remark...
              1st. It's unethical  and unprofessional for me to claim because
                   of rumours  that I  have  never seen  the Falcon  shell. I
                   tested the mag  on Falcon/32Mhz/12 MB/VGA. If  you want  I
                   can give you the add of this guy! And  there I was  pissed
                   of of the strange control this time. But ok, it's my fault
                   that I don't have red the instructions before...
              2nd. You seem to be one of this people who're  contacting other
                   only if they have written some not so pleasing stuff about
                   productions you've taken part in (more or  less). And with
                   this you qualify yourself as gravedigger.
              3rd. Sure, you  can  check  all  your  entries  into  your news
                   section, because  except  50 percent  own  stuff there was
                   not much  you had to  check. We  have  hundreds of entries
                   from  many people who got the one or  other thing  also by
                   other ones and so it isn't possible to check all stuff!
              4th. You seem to  be one of  the most earnest people ever.. and
                   for tose very  slow ones  I must include  many smileys now
                   in all articles because also you should understand them...
                   it was meant ironical with  the propaganda but it seems as
                   you don't understand even the meaning of "irony"...
              5th. I'm very surprised that also YOU have checked out that the
                   UCM shell  is fullfilled  with bugs! Even  if  we wrote it
                   every time in the editorial and on other points in the mag
                   you needed really  long to  find out that our mag  and not
                   your machine is buggy... Wow! My congratulations...
              But to come to an end, because I have other things  to do as to
              justify myself for my words (and I don't  want to take only one
              word back.. I don't regret anything, because I don't like it to
              spread honey around your mouth, I write what I mean and nothing
              other...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -