-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                CONCERT: SISTERS OF MERCY - "EVENT HORIZON"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I think I must not write anything about  the SISTERS, you all know them or at
least some of their greatest hits like "FIRST AND LAST AND ALWAYS" or "TEMPLE
OF LOVE"...
After  they  came  over  Germany  last  year  on  several  festivals like the
WOODSTAGE open air at Glauchau or the SUPER CRASH open  air at Rendsburg they
started a new tour this year, called "EVENT HORIZON" and because I wasn't  on
those  festivals last  year I  asked some people  if they're interested to go
with me to  this concert  and I must say  that I had no  problems to interest
some  people for  this. We bought  our tickets in  december  because  we have
foreseen  that there will be big run on the tickets...
So I droved  together with  Steffi and Inga  on the 18.o1. to Chemnitz and we
were very  anxious to  see the gods  of gothic live on stage. Their tour  was
supportet by two other bands called THINK ABOUT MUTATION and SCODA BLUSH.
We arrived about 2o.oo in Chemnitz at the "KRAFTWERK" where the concert takes
place.... hum, and  there  were  loads of black dressed people around! So you
can see  that this band is still something like a magnet for the whole  black
scene even if there wasn't a real new album released since many years.
And as we could think, the concert was already sold out and many people stand
before the hall and can't enter the concert.
In the "KRAFTWERK" you  could not move, all was filled up with people  and we
think that they have sold much more tickets as people have place in the club.
We tried to find our other friends in the biggest chaos of a single concert I
have ever seen and we needed about one hour to find them!
But then we heard that the first band SCODA BLUSH  has already finished their
gig and  we couldn't understand this, because the event should start at 8 PM!
So we  were a  little bit  disturbed, esp. Inga  because  their boyfriend  is
member of this band and she wanted to see him live...
Hum, because there was nothing to do as to wait for the next band we set down
on the floor and talked about the  shitty situation because it was really too
much. The whole athmosphere was shit, too many people, many  drunken "village
boys" and  so one. But  we met  some more  friends  and then  the second band
started her gig. At first all the masses wanted to enter the concert hall but
only some minutes later many of them came back to the entrance hall.
At the one hand it was nearly impossible to find a good place in the hall and
at the other it was extremly too loud! Even in the other rooms you  could get
a headache  and many  people tried  to save  their  ears while  stuffing some
bubblegum, cellulose, filters of cigarettes and ordinary "ohropax" into their
ears. Anyway their sound was cool, very fast EBM/electro/techno and sometimes
you had  more the impression  to be on  a dull  rave concert  as on a "black"
meeting, because the whole  hall was flickering in all colours and was filled
up with fog.
After nearly one hour of brutal sounds the  next pause  came up and we had to
wait for the headliner, the great SISTERS OF MERCY.
They started 1o PM to play. We tried to enter the main hall but failed. About
15 meters before the stage it wasn't possible to go on. =( After some minutes
of strange intro noises the whole stage  was illuminated  with blue light and
filled up with tons of fog and I was very surprised  to hear something  but I
couldn't see anyone of the band because  of the fog. Then  I noticed that the
sound was horrible bad, the voice of Andrew Eldritch was totally supressed by
the  instruments and it  was impossible  to understand  only one  word. A bit
later they checked this failure but couldn't fix it right, at least for me.
After I tried a second time to enter the  main hall and this time I must stop
already 2o meters  in front of the stage I was very disturbed. So we gathered
together in  the front hall  and listened to the  concert, at least  we tried
because we couldn't recognize the most songs right.
After a short break the band played again and more and more people leaved the
hall. Short before the end of the concert about 15o up to 2oo people, more or
less (I think more less) filled up with enthusiasm were  waiting in the front
hall and after about 75  minutes suddenly  the concert was  over! I was  very
surprised of this because the most other bands I  could see in the last years
played around 2 hours, if it was a real concert and no festival gig!
The most  people were not  very happy and  we all too  because another legend
seems not  to  be  as legendary  as  we all thought. It was  one of the  most
disappointing concerts I've  ever seen and I'm sure that  I will never meet a
single SISTERS-concert again. If they will play on a festival sometimes again
I will not have any problems  to join the party but never  again on a  single
gig! It's  only a very big hype in my eyes. Sure, they  have made some  great
albums  in the last 17  years. If you want  to listen to them, just buy their
albums and  listen them at  home or drive to a festival... perhaps they had a
bad day  in Chemnitz  but I don't  want to glorify  them because of their old
laurels...

erm... and here comes a little discography (surely not complete)

198o - 7" single - "The Damage Gone"
1982 - 7" single - "Body Electric"
1982 - single    - "Alice"
1983 - single    - "Anaconda"
1983 - EP        - "The Reptile House EP"
1983 - single    - "Temple Of Love"
1984 - maxi      - "Body And Soul"
1984 - maxi      - "Walk Away"
1985 - single    - "No Time To Cry"
1985 - 1st album - "First And Last And Always"
1986 - single    - "Giving Ground"
1986 - 2nd album - "Gift"
1987 - single    - "This Corrosion"
1987 - 3rd album - "Floodland"
1987 - single    - "Dominion"
1987 - single    - "Lucretia, My Reflection"
1987 - single    - "Victims Of Circumstance"
1989 - single    - "Shot"
1989 - single    - "1959"
199o - single    - "More"
199o - 4th album - "Vision Thing"
199o - single    - "Dr. Jeep"
199o - single    - "When You Don't See Me" (only released in Germany)
1992 - 5th album - "Some Girls Wander By Mistake"
1992 - single    - "Under The Gun"
1992 - single    - "Temple Of Love '92"
1993 - best of   - "A Slight Case Of Overbombing"

and some LP's (live stuff?!) I can't put in it's place:

"Adult Movies" (double LP)
"Cryptic Flowers"
"Disguised In Black" (double LP)
"Ghostrider"
"Halfmoon Over Amsterdam"
"Heidelberg Rhein Neckar"
"I Can't Await To Meet My Death"
"Kings And Queen" (double LP)
"Speed Kings Live" (double LP)
"The Return To Arkham" (double LP)

and to make the hype perfect: new singles are planned for April and summer!

-------------------------------------------------- moondog / poets of decay -