-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       A NEW ST COLLECTION BY TYPHOON
                     ----------------------------------

After a long time (a half year I think) also the  last french  compact makers
came back with a new "ST COLLECTION" in the last days of 1997.
This time it's volume # 11 and comes on only one disk. It features a nice but
old styled intro, made by their new members PTIF and TELSUD. Short after this
intro they dissolved their old band, the SURVIVORS and joined TYPHOON.
The intro  features also several nice grafix drawn by ST SURVIVOR of LOUD and
all in one it's one of the best compact intros (besides the ones by .tSCc.) I
had seen in the last time.
As you  all know  the TYPHOON-compacts  are a  little bit different. Here you
have intro and menu separate and you have to load the menu from the desktop.
It is mouse controlled and normally nice designed, but this time it suffers a
bit under the strange colours of the text and background. Before you load the
stuff on  the disk you can  read something about it and this is a really nice
idea.
This pack contains the following stuff:
 - Authentik - "KiliKili 2" ST/E
 - Checkpoint - "Drooling"  ST/E/Falcon
 - Cobra - "Insanity"       only Falcon
 - Confusions - "Amok"      ST/E/Falcon but only 2MB RAM =(
 - Confusions - "Intro"     ST/E
 - Depression - intro       ST/E
 - New Beat - "Blue"        only Falcon
 - .tSCc. - "NoTech"        ST/E/Falcon
 - Wildfire - "4K"          only Falcon

Hum, here  comes my  first  point  of critism, sorry, but  what the  hell the
Falcon stuff is searching on a ST Collection?! Erm, even if you have a Falcon
you don't need  the ST Collection, because, the intro doesn't run and finally
you'll copy the Falcon-stuff to your HD and delete the other stuff.
The most stuff isn't very actual. The oldest thing  is  the "Authentik" demo,
which was coded back in 1993 (!), "Drooling" and the Confusions intro back in
1996. And also  here I must  mention that  it's better  to release only a few
disx with  NEW stuff as  more where the  new stuff is parted on and filled up
with  old or Falcon-things... There  is enough new ST stuff around to fill up
this disx and  save the quality. Because the next volume is already announced
we can only  hope that it  will have more quality and of course more ST demos
and intros...
But I understand  that it's hard to fill up demo-packs on ST today and if you
don't have enough suppliers for this stuff you don't have another possibility
to release such disx filled up with oould things.
Anyway it would  be cool to see more of  this packs, because  the  intros are
mainly original and not only  based on old  sources and from time to time you
can also find the one or other intro on the disx you've never seen before.
In my  eyes the  ST Collections  are the best demo compacts today and perhaps
the best compacts at all. Keep on your work guys! The ST scene needs packs!!!

-------------------------------------------------- moondog / poets of decay -

AND AGAIN A SECOND LOOK BY ST SURVIVOR/LOUD...


          ST COLLECTION 11 by Typhoon (All Ataris 1Mb/1 DD)
          -------------------------------------------------

    C R E D I T Z !

      Intro    code by Ptif and Telsud/TyphooN
      ¹¹¹¹¹    gfx by Artek/Typhoon and St Survivor/LOud!

      Main part by The Beast/TyphooN
      ¹¹¹¹¹¹¹¹¹

Here comes  a new issue of the famous ST COLLECTION and this time it's a real
feast for your  computer! The intro  features a ST Collection 11 logo by me -
St Survivor - and another screen with a scrolltext and some logos animations.
Nothing new but it's much better than the previous St  collection intro. Once
you've run  the menu.prg you get the usual "point and click" stuff. As I told
you this compil is filled with a lot a great prods including:

* AMOK/Confusions: the long awaited brainblasting Polish demo  by Confusions.
  No use  repeating what  I wrote  for the full test of this prod (see in the
  menu!). Btw this  is the final version  of the demo which was released just
  before last Xmas.

* Three Falcon  dentros. They  also come  from the  Orneta 97  party  held in
  Poland last summer. Unfortunately I have no Falcon so I can't tell you much
  except  that  you'll  find  two  4Kb screens  by  New Beat Development  and
  Wildfire and a  96Kb intro by Cobra, a formerly Atari XL/XE group! They are
  said to have impressed lots of people with this first production.

The rest  of the disk  runs on all  ST/STe and most  of the prods also run on
Falcon, maybe even on PCs with the great PaCifiST emulator.

* Notech/tSCc: an "old" 1994 demo-clip originally to be part of Animal Mine -
  never released - last cd. Let's  say thank  you to  MC Laser who decided to
  give it a chance. This  stuff was  tested in  the previous  UCM so read the
  test!

* Confusions Intro: One  of the first  intros by Confusions. No brainblasting
  stuff here: some fullscreen shadebobs and a nice "zoomed" fire effect.

* Depression intro: intro by a newborn Finnish band. Again not a state-of-the
  -Art prod. It's  mainly worth  seeing because  it shows that there're still
  new bands forming everywhere.

* Drooling/Checkpoint: Ok, this is not a very new prod but to people who have
  no contact or  Internet access it can be  considered as a real bomb. Surely
  the  fuckin' best  fire effect  ever  seen on  a simple  ST! Just  AMAZING,
  STUNNING GREAT!! A big Checkpoint logo keeps burning to ashes - reappearing
  and burning again - while a wire-framed box (also in flames) is rotating on
  the screen. This  screen is  like the  famous 4Kb bumpmapping by tSCc. Once
  you've seen it you just don't dare switch off your Atari.
  Enjoy it to Death !

* Kili kili demo2/Authentik: a  little  intro  by  ATK, former  band  of most
  Atrocity  members. It  features  few  effects  with nice gfx by Artek and a
  weird tekno zik. A good piece of delirium!!


Conclusion: once again  you'll easily  forget the  average intro but it's not
----------- bad  either. The Beast  made an  effort  regarding  the interface
            which looks  really nice 8-) As you've seen  the content  of this
            compil  is  simply  ESSENTIAL  esp.  Drooling! Most  screens  run
            perfectly, only  Drooling crashes when you want to escape (but we
            will forgive it I guess 8-) My last words are : GET IT AND NOW!!!

            You can download it from anonymous@ftp.lip6.fr/pub/atari

------------------------------------------------------- St Survivor/LOud! ---
