
                                 STTODSK.TTP
                                 """""""""""
Program by ArghBlarg
Review by RYdER/Vectronix  <ryder_vex@mindless.com>

I guess I should fill you in on why this program was written to make things a
little more understandable. The bbs's of old days are now almost obsolete.
Only a  dozen or  so GOOD scene  bbs's left. Atari  did  not kill  the Atari,
hackers did not kill the Atari, The Internet killed the Atari!
Everyone  wanted to  be on the  internet, and  you could only upto a year ago
only use  your Atari with  a Unix Shell  account to  get on the internet, and
without graphics at that.
So now there is STik (SLiP) and STiNG (SLiP/P) to get your Atari connected to
the internet  with full fleged graphics. Which  now leads  me to  what  I was
getting at! PaCifiST! The PC Atari Emulator.
PaCifiST runs almost every game/demo  made  for  the  Atari, minus STe/Falcon
stuff, but I'm sure that will soon follow. There  are TONS of  PaCifiST sites
shooting up all over the place with FULL menu disk archives from: Automation,
Pompey Pirates, Medway Boys.. etc.
But  most of  the time when  you download  a file  and unzip  it you  see for
example: MEDWAY12.ST
What the fuck  is an .ST extention!? A disk Image! PaCifiST uses a disk image
of the Atari  program in  an .ST file extention. I sure a lot of you have run
across this .ST extention and wondered how to use it on you Atari?!
Well  ArghBlarg  has  written this program to convert (.ST) Atari disk images
for use with PaCifiST back to bootable Atari disks.

To use this program is quite simple.  The easiest  way I've found to use this
proggy  is to install  it as an application.  I will now go through the steps
for installing and extracting.

1. Take the file STTODSK.ZIP on the UCM disk

2. Unzip it into a directory called ST2DISK

3. Place your .ST disk image in the same directory

4. Click once on the file STTODSK.TTP (highlight it)

5. Go upto INSTALL APPLICATION under the OPTIONS dropdown menu from the desk

6. Type ST in the DOCUMENT TYPE:

7. Click boot status AUTO

8. Click on INSTALL

9. Now  make sure you  have  a  disk  in the  drive READY to go as you get no
   warning!!! It starts immediatly!!!

10. Double click on the .ST file.. and away it goes!  That simple!


                                    RYdER/Vectronix  <ryder_vex@mindless.com>

-<EOF>-----------------------------------------------------------------------

