IRON MAIDEN

                          Songs from Iron Maiden
                          ----------------------

    I have seen many song-lyrics written here in D.B.A.-magazine, but none
    of them has been from this great band Iron Maiden. Because I have been
    listening to their music for a long time, I thought it would be a good
    idea to write some of their lyrics here...
    
    This first piece of text is from song called Deja-Vu (it can be found
    on album Somewhere In Time)... I guess we all have had situations 
    that feels like they have happened before... And that is what this
    song is all about...
    
                    Deja-Vu (Somewhere in time/Iron Maiden)
                    ---------------------------------------
                    
                    When you see familiar faces
                    But you don't remember where they're from
                    Could you be wrong?
                    
                    When you've been particular places
                    That you know you've never seen before
                    Can you be sure?
                    
                    'Cause you know this has happened before
                    And you know that this moment in time is for real
                    And you know when you feel deja-vu
                    
                    Chorus:
                    Feel like I've been here before (x4)
                    
                    Ever had a conversation
                    That you realise you've had before
                    Isn't it strange
                    
                    Have you ever talked to someone
                    And you feel like you know what's coming next
                    It feels pre-arranged
                    
                    'Cause you know that you've heard it before
                    And you feel that this moment in time is surreal
                    'Cause you know when you feel deja-vu
                    
                    Chorus
    
    Okay, that was it. And because it was so cool, I think it is a good
    idea to write another text. This time it's called Wasted Years, and
    the story of it is... well, you see...
    
                  Wasted Years (Somewhere in time/Iron Maiden)
                  --------------------------------------------
                
                 From the coast of gold, across the seven seas
                 I'm travellin' on, far and wide
                 But now it seems, I'm just a stranger to myself
                 And all the things I sometimes do, it isn't me but
                     someone else
                 
                 I close my eyes, and think of home
                 Another city goes by in the night
                 Ain't it funny how it is, you never miss it 'til its
                     gone away
                 And my heart is lying there and will be 'til my
                     dying day
                     
                 Chorus:
                 So understand
                 Don't waste your time always searching for
                     those wasted years
                 Face up... make your stand
                 And realise you're living in the golden years
                 
                 Too much time on my hands, I got you on my mind
                 Can't ease this pain, so easily
                 When you can't find the words to say it's hard to
                    make it through another day
                 And it makes me wanna cry and throw my
                    hands up to the sky
                    
                 Chorus:


    Ok, that was it this time... Hope to see you in near future,

                         Sandman / FLASH 1992

