LYNX RAMPART 



LYNX RAMPART

Hey, Whats this?  Another arcade conversion for the Lynx.

I should think most people have seen the arcade version of Rampart, 
which is another successful arcade from the Atari Games Corporation.

But, for those of you who havn't here is a quick run down of what
happens...

In this game you must defend your home castle against invaders, 
while at the same time trying to expand your teritory to cover more 
castles.

Rampart is divided into 3 stages, these are, Building, Cannon and 
battle.  During the building stage, you must position Tetris shaped 
blocks around your castle to make a solid wall.  In the Cannon stage 
you place cannons inside the walls of your castle, and in the Battle 
stage you use the cannons to blow the bollocks out of your attackers.

The presentation for this Lynx cart is the normal high standard, 
with a short animated intro (showing a messanger on horse back 
riding towards a castle), all the sound F/X are sampled from the 
arcade machine, which is the same for the short bits of speach.  The 
in between still screens are some of the best at the moment on the 
Lynx (and considering the resolution they're in, some of the best 16 
colour pics I've ever seen).  The in game graphics are as good as 
you can expect given the size of the playing area, but they fit the
style of the game very well.

Like a said, the speach and F/X are sampled, but there is also a few 
tunes used when you finish a level, during the intro etc., which are 
okay, but what can you expect?

All this crap about presentation, what about the gameplay?  Well, 
this game grabs you, and it don't let go!  It is very simple to 
play, and one you get used to the (easy) control system, the moves 
come naturally.  I think that maybe long term gameplay could suffer 
due to lack of variaty, but then again, maybe not.  There is also 
the possability of a 2 player game, if you know someone else with a 
Lynx.

So the final word.  Rampart is a jolly good game, that you won't be 
able to put down (BAAAD joke), if you liked the arcade machine, 
you'll like this, if you havn't played the arcade machine, this 
will grow on you.

Anyway, here are the ratings...

     Graphics    : 7.5
     Sound       : 7
     Playability : 8

     Overall     : 9   


(Incidently, at the moment Rampart has only been converted to the 
Lynx...)

It's da end folks.

But then again, as I just been into a local computer shop and seen 
some adverts for new Lynx games, I had better tell you about them 
first.

In this shop they had posters featuring the following Lynx games...

     Pit Fighter (Out August)
     Double Dragon
     Kung Food (Out July)
     Super Off Road Racer
     Batman Returns
     Hockey (Out now)

I think there was two or three more, but I cannot remember them...

DIS is da end.

fIN. Paul Holst
