SNES CRAP 2


MORE SNES CRAP

It seem that my views expressed in the last SNES article are still 
the same, but there is a way to get around the problem of lack of 
software.

The solution is to buy an adapter cartridge which will let european 
SNES owners play Jap and US carts on an european machine.  Party 
time, excellant.  (The question is, have YOU seen Waynes World).

So now I can tell you a bit more about the, frankly, amazing 
capabilities of the SNES.I have played 2 american carts, these are 
Super Ghouls and Ghosts, and Pilot Wings.  First I shall bore you 
with my discription of, Super Ghouls and Ghosts.

I cannot say much about the intro, 'coz I didn't watch it, why see a 
boaring intro when you can play the game?  (The bit of the intro I 
did see looked quite good).  This game looks very big, if the map at 
the start is anything to go by, the levels, of which there are 8, 
start off long, get longer untill the 6th level, and then shorter 
for the last 2, with the last level being shorter than the first. 
The game opens in the graveyard, like the first arcade machine, and 
straight of you can see a bit of the SNES power, all the colours on 
screen, there must be atleast 100 used for all the background, main 
character and monsters.  As you walk you can see a layer of paralax 
in the far background moving, look very nice and smooth.  As 
everyone must have played one of the arcade games, or a convesion, I 
shall not describe how to play the game, just how it looks on the 
SNES.  The second level is at the start on a ship wreck, with ghosts 
forming out of trails of mist which move across the screen. (Imagine 
what frog spawn looks like...). When you climb up a lader to get 
higher on the ship, there is a creaking noise, very much like a 
creaking door, and the ship sinks lower into the water.  Or rather 
it smoothly slides pixel by pixel downwards.  As the water rises you 
can see the under the water covered area, it looks really nice, with 
everything coloured with just the right shade of blue.

A few levels after this there is a section where you are forced to 
jump onto a small platform.  This platform then grows branches 
around you, and the whole screen rotates around you, forcing you to 
walk on what was the cielling or side of a wall.  Believe me, it looks 
amazing.

Unfortunatly, although Super Ghols and Ghosts is a very addictive 
game, that is as far as I have seen, as it is a very hard game, and 
we've been playing on the Easy level!

So now I shall tell you some things about Pilot Wings, which is an 
even more graphicly amazing game.

Pilot Wings is set in a flying school where you must take part in 4 
"sports" in the air.  These are:  Light Aircraft, Sky Diving, Jet 
Pack, and Handgliding.

I think there are eight levels of play, on the first you can only do 
the two basic sports, Light Aircraft and Sky Diving.  Out of all the 
events Sky Diving is the most amazing, you start of on the ground 
and are then lifted up 3800 feet under an Helicopter.  When you are 
released at 3800 feet, you can rotate the screen around you, while 
at the same time it is coming up slowly towards you.  It looks even 
better when you are closer to the ground, and when it is doing this, 
it never slows down.  I really cannot think what else to say about 
Pilot Wings, although it is really great fun to play, there is not 
much long term game play, which is a shame, 'coz I think this shows 
of what the SNES can do better than any other game at the moment.

Err, thats it really, quite boring wasn't it?

fIN. Paul Holst.
