{*f1AFTERCOVER ISSUE 1{*f0

ò                             --- by Checkpoint ---
                             

    Let's start with  the "boring" part : some  people said  or  hinted that the 
articles found in ACM were the  ones I had refused... Dunno where they  dug that 
shit from. Nils, aka 505, sent me  7 articles that unfortunately only reached me 
when UCM16 was ready (understand  óALLð  articles  checked, packed and the mag was 
even assembled after 8  hours on sorting out the charts results). What I want to 
point out is  that these articles would  have been  published  in * this * issue 
anyway. But all  things considered it is surely  more interesting  to attend the 
first steps of a new diskmag.

    After all  why couln't  Aftercover become a  regular diskmagazine that would 
fill the gaps between two UCM issues ? As Maggie seems to approach its very last 
days (and that's  really too bad  because we need  diversity) it's  quite a good 
piece of news to see that happen.

    But let's talk about contents : Aftercover works in low  resolution and uses 
quite a basic though colorful and pleasant  enough shell. Besides  the selection 
window you can see that the background is filled with an Aftercover logo that is 
quite ok. You can also  enjoy 3 different chippies  by 505, needless to say that 
they're cool as usual :)

    The articles are  well written  in spite  of a font  that is too  big  in my 
opinion (and  too  thin) and  deal with many  subjects : reviews, news, opinion, 
music, cinema. what could I add ? I'd really  LOVE to  see this diskmag grow and 
become an alternative to  UCM and Maggie. What is  the point if we only have one 
source of information ? To broaden our  views we  need to  develop new magazines 
like this one and  I sincerely óhope  to read another issue soon.ð In the meantime 
you can still read UCM or Maggie :)

ñ---------------------------------------------------------------[ðSTSñ]-----------                  