
{*f1 IRC SIMULATOR{*f0

ñ   --------------------- by óParanoiað orò TVN CREWð ??ñ ------------------------


    This supposedly funny program has a strange history : first it  was released 
and removed on the same day for... unknown reasons... No way I could download it 
from any homepage (then don't ask me how  I finally managed to :). Also there is 
a blurring mystery about the authors of this thing but it doesn't matter much...

    I guess most of you know  what the  IRC (for "International  Relay Chat") is 
about : a mere text window that enables you to talk to friends. Though there are 
channels dedicated to  Atari in every  country and  language, the meeting center 
remains the channel created and operated by Evil/DHS : ó#atariscne

    So this is  what this screen is  about, it simulates a  typical chat on this 
channel. The version I have  features an old  school TVN Crew intro with  a huge 
logo, moving  rasters and that sort  of things. Then  oddly you  have a Paranoia
credit page displayed in hi-res text. Some nice  Ascii logos are to be seen btw.

    Then you are requested to enter a nick as  in real IRC. So I did and started 
typing some words.... a list of names - the ones often met on irc - appeared and 
I expected some life. I waited and waited but nothing happened then... I noticed 
the /help command and used it to know more about what was supposed to happen and 
then I read a message reading it was natural  nothing happened as  the simulator 
was òsoð realistic... Nothing more to be seen.

    óBottom Line :ð I can understand  both sides now ! Evil/DHS felt offended when 
seeing that he was blamed for the inactivity in #atariscne both as a creator and 
the main operator of  the channel. On  his side Paranoid (or whoever) thought it 
would be funny. In my opinion you can laugh at ppl who deserve it, just like the 
lamer who tell you he will  handle the  UCM intro  and finally... give it up, but 
Evil is the  most active Atarian I know and he deserves the  highest respect for 
the demos he brings us, the fast updating of DHS homepage and the existence of 
this channel. In other words this prg is  shit because it only  hurts people who 
don't deserve it ! There are many  ways to mock ppl without hurting them but you 
need to learn respect first... Pathetic program... 

ò----------------------------------------------------------------------- [ STS ]-

    