ñ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
ò------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
{*f1ALIVE{*f0 

                   ~  A F T E R M A T H    V E R S I O N  ~ 

ñ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
ò------------------------------------------------------------------------------ð
                        By òFUNð (1999) ó(Falcon 4Mb)ð


It says in the read me you should copy it to the hard disk or it'll be very 
slow loading, I don't have one ATM (Where is it NUT :) ). So after a short 
while you get a setup screen, you can choose RGB or VGA 60/100Hz, so I tried 
all 3 in some order :) Well with 100Hz your gonna get interlace unless you have
a very good monitor (NUT maybe you could send me yours too ;) ), although once
the demo is up and going I didn't notice it really. Next option the Detail, if 
you have an accelerator then you can get extra detail, I don't have one so low 
detail for me. Last options are surround and interpolated sound, I left these 
off.

Now the rest of the demo loads up and you get to watch 2 cogs rotating in the 
corner while 2 red bars at the top and bottom of the screen move as it loads. 
And there is a FUN Industries logo in the middle.

The demo now actually starts with a rain drop effect over another FUN logo, in 
time with music (almost). Now we have a wire frame of a Fuji, very briefly as 
it flickers to a moving background a FUN logo, flicking to other wire frames. 
Nice effect but the flickering is a little dodgy. Hey a lump of cheese appears 
on the screen... oh it's a textured cube :) the cube then spins around a bit 
and so do the textures on the sides, which also resize.

Now a square leaving a trail across the screen, and a textured tunnel, luckily 
this one also fades with a screen with FUN Alive written on it (only under VGA 
100Hz, otherwise it is just the tunnel). Now for textured version of the 
earlier wire frames and a few more, the later ones get the square trail effect 
in them. A moving electrostatic ball thingy :)

Another plain old textured tunnel, more wire frames this time with motion blur. 
Another textured object with two frames, not sure what it is though. Back to 
the second screen with the rain effect. Finishing with a vertical scroller with 
a crappy font (Hi TiNKer :) ).

Rating: ñ83%ð 

Well, it's 3am and I'm hungry so bye, see you next issue :)

òThe Berserkerð of óTeenageð
"I'll plead boredom" - PSYCHO 1999


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     T O   G E T    A N O T H E R   P O I N T   O F   V I E W . . . 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------     
ñAliveð by òFUN industriesð (Error in Line 99 release) ó[Falcon]ð (1999)


It's the òalmostð winning demo from òFUN Industriesð for the Falcon
competition. And if you know óEarx'ð style of demos, you can already imagine
that this demo is not very easy to describe in a sequential text.
This demo is somewhat similar to the previous demo from òFUNð, namely 
ñFungle Beatsð as it doesn't display effect by effect but rather jumps from
one effect to the other, then returns to the previous effect, then does
a completely new effect and repeats the first one again ...
Or the previous one ...
Or whatever.

Fact is that this demo can be executed on any Falcon, even with a VGA-
Monitor, this is what i did and although i already have seen the demo on
the party itself, i watched it again a few times to take some notes and
look for some details.

The demo starts with a ñDialogue Boxð. òEarxð has a CenTurbo 2 as some might
know and this ñdialogue boxð does not only enable you to switch between
ñRGB 50 Hz, VGA 60 Hzð and ñVGA 100 Hzð but also between different levels of
detail, ñLowð for standard Falcons at 16 MHz, ñMediumð for board-accelerated
Falcons like òNemesis-ð or òCenTurbo 1-ðUsers at 25 MHz or ñHighð for
really quick Falcons like for example òCenTurbo 2ð-Falcons.
You can also leave the demo using the button in the ñdialogue boxð or even
run the demo.
If you do that, the first thing is a basically black & white ñFUN Industriesð-
logo with 2 red ñprogress barsð and two neat looking ñspikes wheelsð that
rotate "in" each other.
After both ñprogress barsð filled the screen horizontally with one growing
from the left to the right and the other one going into the opposite 
direction, the demo actually starts, displaying a neat, but rather pale
ñFUN industriesð logo and some ñwater-effectð is being displayed on this
logo so it actually looks like a reflection in a puddle with rain keeping
falling on the reflection.
The ñvirtual dropsð that fall into the puddle are timed with the music by the 
way. After a while, the logo starts ñmovingð, but it's not just the whole
screen being scrolled, the water effect stays "stationary".
Just after that, the ñwater effectð is being used in ñspecial pathesð so
now you have more a constant stream of raindrops falling moving over the 
screen so you can see the way they move instead of single raindrops falling
into random places.
Time for òEarxð' favourite demo-effect: Motion blurred Wireframe objects.
He showed them in óFungle Beatsð, he does them again here.
The background is white, the objects are black, not moved over the screen
but ñrotatingð and ñmotion-blurredð.
But this wouldn't be an òEarxð-Demo if there weren't other effects in
between. While the ñwire-frameð polygon objects jump from one object
to another, there is a large ñFUNð-logo moved over the screen in between
for a few seconds. The ñFUNð-logo is barely readable, only the fact that
it distorts a ñcolourful circular background graphicð makes it visible.
The demo goes from ñwireframe objectsð to the ñFUNð-logo and back again
for a while before another effect is brought on screen.
A dutch demo should feature some cheese, don't you think ? After all,
cheese, weed and pornography is what Holland is famous for. ;-)
So here comes some. A ñcheese-cubeð rotates on screen smoothly, a colourful
logo saying "textured cube" is scrolled on the screen as well. Just a very
short moment, then the textures are being manipulated, too, they ñzoomð,
ñrotateð or do both at once. 
This effect doesn't hold very long before the cube dissappears to make
room for another one. This time, the effect is more original.
A simple ñfilled rectangleð, displaying all colours of the spektrum is moved
over the screen. But behind the rectangle, a very original version of a
ñMelt-o-visionð-effect is running, fading the colours of the rectangle to
black while moving.
The next effect gives me a ñDeja-Vuð though. It is the ñtextured tunnelð
from óFungle Beatsð, same texture, same rotation, same speed. But it's
smoothly rotating and also accelerating/deccelerating the rotation, and
in contrast to the other effects, it's being displayed rather long.
If you happen to run this in ñVGA 100 HZð, you'll see the tunnel fading
into a ñgraphicð with the credits and the name of the demo and fading back
to the tunnel again.
To make up for it, the following effects are being displayed rather shortly
again. An ñenvironment mappedð torus appears, moving and rotating smoothly
over the screen, followed by the four "spikes" you have already seen as
ñwireframesð in the beginning of the demo.
These ñenvironment mappedð objects are then being displayed in front of
the ñmelt-o-visionð effect from a few seconds ago, displayed without
the effect, again with the effect - and of course going well with the beat
of the music.
Something completely new happens after that: The screen turns black.
And nothing visible happens on screen.
Either my Falcon refuses to display the effect that was supposed to be
here, my copy of the demo is broken or there just isn't anything.
It doesn't hold very long before an indeed new effect is being shown on the 
screen.
Something like the ñsunð zoomes in from the background with a ñcoronað and
a very bright center and some ñlight raysð emerge from it, moving hectically
and very quick.
Hard to describe this effect longer because it's not displayed very long at
all. So let's go on.
Since Tunnels are so popular and since we already had one in this demo as
well, òEarxð decided to show another tunnel. This time, it has a grey,
metallic (scrap-metallic) looking texture and it does not only ñrotateð and
ñmoveð, the viewer also "looks around" in this tunnel, the usually very
steady center of the tunnel is being moved off screen as the viewer
virtually rotates inside the tunnel, with the ñtextureð being ñbentð 
according to the angle the viewer looks.
Phew! That must have been exhausting for the Falcon, so let's cool him
down with a few ñwireframe objectsð, shall we ? Anyway, it's white 
background and black, motionblurred ñwireframe objectsð again before
some really nice ñenvironment mappedð objects are thrown on the scren again.
This time not really rotating, but moving smoothly and in some way 
"animated". Well, it's basically just 2 similar objects with just minor
adjustments, but that's what animation is, isn't it ?
Back to the ñFUN industriesð-logo and the water-effect again. The intro-
sequence is this time simply being played ñbackwardð, the ñFUN Industriesð-
logo stops to move in the center of the screen, the raindrops - falling
in the rythm of the music - first fall in special pathes again, then stop
doing this and fall into random places again, before the music stops and
the demo is finished.
Almost.
On a black backgound and "ñAtarisceneð-Channel with a nice globe is
being displayed in the upper right corner of the screen while ñcreditsð,
ñgreetingsð and a ñlist of crewmembersð is being scrolled over the screen
in a blue font.

Yupp, it's a òFUN Industriesð-demo for sure.
First, i want to state that the name òFUN Industriesð sounds a lot better
to me than just òFUNð, so the name-change - if it has really occured by
now - is a good idea.
On the ñError-in-line 99ð-party, one often enough heard òEarxð swear
about this demo. As far as i understood it, he had to leave out some effects
because of bugs or timing problems and had to finish the demo in a hurry in
the end.
Therefore, this demo might even have gotten better than it actually is.
But the demo òFUN Industriesð entered the competition with and which has
been released - and which is the also the one i have been describing above - 
is without a doubt a good demo.
The ñmusicð is good and the way the demo is synchronized to it clearly
displays that they know how to design a demo at òFUN Industriesð. The way
the effects evolve or are being used surely underline that fact.
There are some less spectacular effects in this demo like the ñwireframe
objectsð or the ñtunnelð, recycled from the óFungle Beatsð-demo, but they
aren't being presented as main effects and fit into the rest of the demo
nicely.
Some effects of this demo on the other hand may not look "spectacular", but
are indeed very new and original, like the funky version of a ñMelt-o-visionð
-effect, the ñdistorting FUN-logoð or the ñsunð-like effect that looks a bit
mixed - like it was supposed to look different - but does look nice.
Additionally, òEarxð shows his skills in writing clean and shiny routines.
The ñtexture-mappedð cheese-cube looks good and has no visible bugs, the
ñenvironment-mappingð-routine òEarxð wrote is one of the better ones, too.
Together with the really neat ñwater-effectð, the ñtextured tunnelð that
moves non-linear and the other ñtunnelð, the demo features a lot of 
technical skill as well.

ñAliveð is without a doubt a very good òFalconð-demo.
I just see that òFUN Industriesð sells itself too cheap with this demo.
The effects, especially the new ones, look to unspectacular to astonish
most people. Remember the great ñVoxelspaceð-engine at the end of
òFungle Beatsð ? Those are the kind of effects or presentation that
make people's jaws drop.
I am sure that the effects of ñAliveð, like the excellent environment
mapping or the 100% clean texture mapping, could have been presented better
so the demo would have impressed even more.
Although the overall design of the demo is very good and all effects are
excellently synchronized to the music, little details like the one mentioned
above could/should have been worked on a little more to make this demo a 
real butt-kicking one.

The way it is, ñAliveð is a very good demo, displaying the skills of the
people behind, especially the ones of òEarxð, òHavocð and òThe Matchð
and surely worth the 2nd prize they won at the party.
I personally think that it could have won 1st prize as well if some
details had been worked out a little more, the potential is there for sure.

So, gives us more demos like that, òFUN Industriesð.


-----------------------> Rating:
                       <------------- Graphics:  61%
                              <------ Sound:     73%
                                   <- Technical: 81%
                                      Overall:   77% ----------------------->
                                      
                       <------ The Paranoid ------->
                            ---> Paranoia <---      Think you can handle it ?!
