 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           ñBuggy Binliner previewð by òTat/Avenað (1998/99) ó[Falcon]ð
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you read the member's description of the Avena homepage (www.avena.com),
you'll read that Tat can code all night looking for a solution and remains
successful although looking quite undead.
And that is exactly what Tat currently behaves like: ñUndeadð.

In some role-playing games, ñundeadð characters are a positive addition to
the party as they feature special powers, in some games they are worthless
cannon fodder.
I still don't know which of these two options count for òTatð so i unpacked
his Binliner-preview and had a look.

The archive contains ó4ð files, a short òreadmeð, saying nothing more that
Tat is working hard for his job and that therefore cleaning up the code
might take a while, he also gives an eMail address (òtat.work@avena.comð and
òtat@avena.comð, i guess the first one is an alias for his address at work,
the second one an alias for his zetnet-account) - Perhaps he would still
like to have some ñfeedbackð ? - and the executables ñfreakyð, ñworshipð
and ñlandscapeð.
They all require to be executed on an RGB monitor and òTatð claims them all
to be very buggy.

Let's start with ñfreakyð.
This demo-preview is very hard to describe. In case you have seen the movie
óblack holeð, imagine the "black hole" depicted in this movie, filling the
whole screen, textured with red/pink/blue-textures, twisting, bending
inwards, upwards, inside out and upside down.
I guess the name for this part of the demo - ñfreakyð - fits quite well.
Well, the textures are being bent rather smoothly, it looks like about
20 frames per second. The whole screen stays filled with textures and
there are quite a lot of polygons on the screen.
A twisted and weird effect, hard to describe, but technically without a
doubt very good.

So, what's contained in the file ñworshipð ?
Imagine this scene. A dark, gloomy sky, a very high, but small platform,
a circle of humanoids that rotate and in the center of the circle another
humanoid that doesn't move. Between the rotating humanoids, small, glowing
spheres are being exchanged.
If you can't imagine this, have a look at ñworshipð. The humanoids are
polygon objects that are being environment mapped and - like most of
òTatð's 3D objects - they are rather round and all edges are smooth.
The small glowing spheres, lightflares, moving in elipsoid pathes are
supposed to move between the circumstanding humanoids - and this is where
i think òTatð talks about óbugsð - do not move between them but around
the center-humanoid in some way.
Again, the refresh rate of this scene is high, around 25 fps, and every-
thing moves nice and smooth again.
The viewer is being transported around and over the scene, is being
zoomed in and zoomed out again. The floor of course features a texture
as well and even the sky - if it is one - is being bent according to
the angle the viewer is currently looking.

And finally - òlandscapeð.
This one is easy to describe - It's a 3D ñlandscapeð.
In contrast to popular voxelspace-engines, this one consists of polygons
which are being textured and lightshaded, so faces being zoomed out of
view fade into darkness.
Although the polygon-faces are rather large most of the time, there are
quite some polygons on screen simultanously, especially as the "weirder"
parts of the landscape are being brought onto the screen.
òTatð says that this part is "ñfuggy as buckð", although it works quite
well. The viewer is being moved óthroughð a few mountains, but otherwise,
i didn't spot any bugs.
The texture looks rather simply, a grey texture without large contrasts,
so it's hard to estimate the resolution of the textures. Again, the
engine seems to work in 25 or even more Herz, everything moves smoothly
about the screen.
The viewer is not being rotated in larger scales and especially not
around the y-axis, it's like flying in a plane with fixed position
relative to the horizon.

These 3 ñlittle previewsð (170 kb zipped) really beat everything i have
seen on the òFalconð so far when it comes to ñPolygonsð and ñTexturesð.
If you thought, Sonolumineszenz was impossible to top, think again.
These previews do not only beat everything i have seen yet, they also
beat my highest expectations i ever had regarding ñ3Dð-effects on the
òFalconð.
First, òTatð's texture-mapping routine seems to be the best one. I have
hardly seen so many faces being textures with such a lovely refresh rate
than in ñfreakyð. A lot of textures on a lot of polygons simulataneously
together with a relatively high resolution.
Second, òTatð's environment-mapping routine rules as well. Take a look
at the humanoids in the ñworshipð-screen and you'll agree. They move
smoothly, they don't feature harsh edges and yet òTatð still has enough
CPU time to move those lightflares and bent the sky-texture according
to the viewer's angle.
And finally, òTatð's landscape-engine - although roughly just a specialised
form of his ñtexture-mappingð-routine, beats all other efforts in this
direction as well. Smooth movement, high resolution and yet quite a number
of faces on the screen at once.

So my message to everyone who wants to have a glimpse of what òTatð is
really capable of, get this preview and have a look.
The 3 parts are nicely designed as well, the textures look good and
fit into the scenes very well.

óEpilogueð
Some nasty words have been written against Tat in the last issue of this
magazine, some which i can understand, some which i can and will not
understand. As long as we don't know the true reasons why òTatð decided
to drop all his work on ñBinLinerð, we should all rather be quiet instead
of spitting out insults against him.
Because, when seeing those screens we see one thing for sure: The one
who has suffered most from òTatð's dissappearance is òTatð himself.
These previews show clearly that òTatð is a god when it comes to texturing
polygons and have weird ideas about what to do with them. ñBinLinerð would
have beaten ñSonoluminszenzð lefthanded and once again proved what an
enourmous potential the òFalconð still has that has yet been undiscovered.
òTatð must have spent hours and hours of setting up tables, debugging his
texture-engine, digging deep in the óDSPð-hardware, timing the effects
and optimising his algorithms. Therefore, óheð lost the most when he
decided to cancel that project.
òAgent tð and òmOdð may have felt pretty pissed off when òTatð decided
to leave, but i can hardly imagine how pissed off òTatð himself must
have been feeling to even consider dropping a project like this.

However, òTatð is gone and the last email he sent me said "ñNo chanceð"
about a possible return.
Therefore, these 3 screens will stay the last sign of òTatð's powers
on the Falcon concerning polygon-techniques.
We should probably see this as an encouragement. The ñBinLinerð-preview
shows what potential there is in the Falcon, what there is still left
to do, what there still is possible on the machine, what this bird can be
made to do when someone unfolds its wings.


So, this is what the òundead Tatð released, probably because some were
nagging at him about releasing the source-code, probably just because
he wanted us to have a look of what he has been up to.
I don't think he released it with the intention to show us what we are
missing now that he left - that wouldn't mix with his last message on
his óAtarið-related homepage.

I rather think it should show that ñundeadð coders are still good for
a surprise - like in a good role-playing game ...



                                                       The Paranoid
                                          Paranoia - The Lunatic Asylum

