{*f1EPILOGUE{*f0


Just a small remark to the article "10 years having an Atari - a kind of
anniversary" published in UCM issue 14.

Some people felt insulted and got rather mad at me about this article
as some people seem to adore PC demos rather than Falcon/Atari demos.
Funny enough that those people read UCM 14 and got mad at me, but let's
skip that.

Of course i know that there are creative people on the PC as well. I
never doubted that. But i didn't want to get into details about creative
PC users and uncreative PC users as this article was meant to be about
Atari and NOT about the PC.

The equation is that simple:
A lot of people on the PC may be creative. REALLY creative, not just
writing endless variants of 3D landscapes based on 3D cards, but really
creative people, people who optimise algorithms instead of optimising
the hardware that runs them. People who have new ideas about new effects
instead of just turning old effects 3D. People who really do new code
instead of re-assembling pieces of code from other routines.
People who really THINK of something new instead of taking other
people's ideas and just rewrite them in some way.
There are a lot of this kind of people on the PC as well. But when you
look at the numbers of people owning a PC and the number of people being
REALLY creative on the PC and compare the numbers, you'll have to admit
that the percentage of creative people is quite small.

In contrast to that, the number of people having an Atari and people being
creative on an Atari are not so far away from each other as even the
"ordinary" Atari community - users - have started to write small utilities,
develop hardware or something similar.

Without any doubt there are enough people on the PC who are creative.
But on the other hand, sometimes PC demos look a lot better than they
actually are.

Or to put it the other way round: Someone who writes a smooth good
Voxelspace engine on a 50 MHz 68060 is a good coder.
Someone writing the same engine, just a little bit lower in resolution,
on a 16 MHz 68030 is in my eyes STILL the better coder - Even if it
may look worse.


The Paranoid ---- No colours, no pictures, nothing left to write about ----