 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
      ñGeneration Gapð by òCobrað (1998) [óFalconð] - Last Party release
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Seems like this group isn't as dead as UCM 14 news section proclaimed.
On the contrary, it looks like this group has been cleaned up a little
and will now only serve Falcon.
And they started right at the Last Party.

The ñintroð isn't very spectacular ... At least the first 10 seconds
as ñGeneration Gapð doesn't do anything visible at all during the first
10 seconds due to depacking.
After that, the demo welcomes the viewer with a òCobrað Logo that moves
upwards slowly and is being blurred and unsharpened while it moves. A
strange noise is coming out of the speakers that slowly develops into
a trancy tune that sounds kind of cool.
The ñcreditsð are being given the same way like the òCobrað-Logo:
A Large ñCodeð logo with a small òWinioð under is slowly moves upwards
and unsharpens this way.
The ñgraphicsð have been done by òOrbitalð, òChrisð and òMayonezð.
The music has been edited by òGodð - at least that's what the credits
screens say.

After that, a ñtorus with arrows on itð with a nice an bright texture
appears and is being rotated and zoomed. Although it moves rather slow
and not very smooth, boy oh boy, this looks good. A lot of ñfacesð on
this polygon and a rather high-res videomode they chose, too.
After that, a ñbent torusð appears, again in a high resolution with
a rather mixed texture, but again a lot of faces.
A small ñballð with long ñbarsð coming out of its centre appear in a
terrific looking purple - Again a lot of faces, again a very good looking
texture, again in hires.
The last object, a ñspikedð ball, a rather large ball with spikes on
it, appears, this time with a marine-blue texture - not to mention that
it again features a lot of faces in a high resolution.
The demo blends over to a ñpictureð by òOrbitalð that displays óMarylin
Monroeð in a funny way, with a much too large head and a very little body
in a purple swimsuit. This demo may not be everybody's style, but it's
good technically and displays òOrbitalð's very own style.
How about a tunnel ?
ñCobrað must have thought that it's about time for one and brings on a
ñtunnelð in a good looking light-brown texture with dark-brown/blue splots
in it, moving not 100% smoothly, but smooth enough while its center moves
a little over the screen too.
For the first time, this demo now switches to a lower resolution.
A very bright and colourful ñtextured tunnelð moving - a little slow and
jumpy - onto and over the screen in various directions while the ñtextured
objectsð from before are being displayed again, this time in a lower
resolution, but a bit faster this time: The spiky torus, the bent torus,
the flat star, the spiked ball.
And while displaying this, the trancy tune fades into the noise it started
with again and the demo ends.

Probably not an attempt to write the longest demo on the Falcon ever, but
a good one indeed.
First i was very astonished and very happy to see that ñCobrað still exists
and does good demos like this without warning, previews and a lot of talk
before. It's just good to see that there are indeed still some creative 
minds sitting somewhere, who just switch on the Falcon saying ñLet's do 
something!ð
The demo - to be honest - has its edges.
First the average speed is low, you hardly see the screen update more
often than 20 times a second. This is of course due to a probably not
fully optimised texture-engine and the fact that there are a lot of
faces on screen simultaneously.
Some people see this as the weak part of this demo.
I see it as the strong part.
We have all seen enough textured cubes, oktahedrons and probably a spaceship
sometimes on the screen. ñCobrað really was óveryð original with the objects
they display and they are very unique and creative indeed. This may cost
a lot of speed, but i say, it's worth the price, because ñallð the textured
objects look damned good - Especially due to the high resolution.
The design of the demo does not end with the textured objects the bring onto
the screen but goes through the whole demo and is very continuous.
This starts with the logos at the beginning which are in the same style
the rest of the demo is. The ñmusicð is unique and stylish and sounds quite
good and suits this demo very well, too.
The textures of the objects are bright and colourful, the tunnel is cool
with its sandlike-texture and the tunnel under the textured objects in the
final part looks bright and colourful, too.
òOrbitalð's in-between picture is very stylish, too, and with its mild
colours, it fits into the demo perfectly.

I personally like this demo a lot and will give it another spin as soon as
i finished writing this article. It has its cons and it may not be the
blockbuster of the year.
But it is a good demo and i am looking forward to see more from òWinioð,
ðOrbital, Chris, Mayonezð and òGodð. They displayed some strength with
ñGeneration Gapð for sure and i hope the next production gets as good
as this. Or probably even better. :-)

------------------> Rating:
                            Graphics: 71%
                               Sound: 70%
                           Technical: 67%
                             Overall: 70% <---------------------------------

-----> Paranoid <------> Paranoia <--------> The Lunatic Asylum <-----------
--------------< Think you can handle it ? >--------------------------------- 
                          