
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	  Windows (sorry for this word) got it! Mac got it ! Unix got it !
Even Amiga got it! But what? The tool that makes the world a better place -
a MP3-Player. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

{*f1 A MP3 PLAYER FOR FALCON{*f0	
	
	Petr Stehlik did it again. What ? He surprised the Atari-world with                                              
another killer-application. After his first strike, a port of a real audio                                              
player, he offered us the first player/decoder for those lovely little MP3                                              
files.(Oh baby, music sounds better with you :). 
	
	MP3 ? Never heard about it ? Oh boy, in which age do you live ? 
Here is, especially for you, a short survey about digital audio compressing.
	
	Let's imagine the newest smash hit, you've heard on the radio. Now you                                           
got the inspiration to put it into your computer. Using a simple sampleprogram,                                          
you will do the job. But, unless you got an extrem big harddisk, you will wonder                                         
how much space this sample needs. A simple rule tells that one minute music                                             
requires 10 megabytes of diskspace. So, a normal song with, let's say, 4 minutes                                         
play-time 'steals' 40 MByte.
	
	Since there exists some clever compressing-algorithms, you're able to                                           
reduce the size of your sample. One of the most famoust and important algorithms                                         
today are the audio-layers of the well-known MPEG standard. Developed by the
Fraunhofer Institute, these layers uses the disability of the human hearing to  
notice gentle noises before and after a loud one and other techniques. The price 
of this effort is a reduction till 1:14 with still CD-quality. In other words,  
on a normal CD now is place for up to 14 usual Compact Discs (~200 songs) full  
of your favourite music. 

	But what does these layers stand for ?
	
	As already mentioned, these layers represent the audio-tracks of the    
MPEG 1 and 2 standards. Each of them contain a higher compressionrate then it's  
predecessor.

	So, the layer III procduce CD-quality with a rate up to 1:14, whereas   
layer II achieves 'only' ~1:8 and layer I 1:4.

	MP3 is often misinterpreted as MPEG 3. MPEG 3 was developed as the      
succesor of MPEG 2 (as another videostream standard), but since it was noticed   
that MPEG 2 already contains most of MPEG 3's features, it was canceled. So,
MP3, the audio-layer, is definitly not MPEG 3, the video 'standard'.

	If anybody of you, dear readers, got the taste and want to now more     
about this topic, i recommend you following links:
	
        - ñwww.mp3.comð     (an general survey about the software)
				related to MP3 (most OSes)
			and
			
        - ówww.iis.fhg.de/departs/amm/layer3/sw/index.htmlð  
         the Fraunhofer institute, which developed layer III
														  
	Let's now focus on the available MP2 and MP3 software for the Atari.
	
	There are two excellent	applications to mention, which allow the        
realtime decoding of MP2 (layer II) streams using the Falcon's DSP. That are    
the MPEGPLAY by bITmASTER and the MPEG Audio Layer II decoder by NoCrew,
- supposed newest version is 0.99 - october 1998. Both of these players allow 
to work , in a multitasking environment, with other programms while playing
a funky musikstream. 
	
	But now, while the above mentioned players are Falcon only, there is a  
new one, able to work on more hardware. It's name - MPG123. 

	This programm is a port of a freeware UNIX-player, which was also ported 
to MS-DOS, Linux... ó(http://www.sfs.nphil.uni-tuebingen.de/~hipp/mpg123.html)ð
	
	The Atari-version was compiled, by Petr, for 68040 (with FPU) but you   
can also use it for the 68030+68882 team. So the list of the supported computers 
should look like :
				- Falcon + Afterburner (with FPU)
				- Falcon + any acceleration-card (with FPU)
				- Falcon (with FPU)
				- Milan
				- Hades
				- ST + 68030 acceleration-card + FPU
				- TT
         More about the neccessary speed, later.
	                     
	If you want to use the programm as player, the author recommends to run a
MiNT-based multitasking OS, because it uses the MiNT audio device to send the   
decompressed data straight into the STe/Falcon DMA or our beloved old Yamaha PSG. 
Well, if you now think your computer is ready to play MP3s then please answer a  
simple question : Is your hardware really a 68040/060 and has a STe/Falcon DMA  
or PSG ?
		
	If so, then you're a lucky one and now have fun with your new favourite
application.

	If the answer is no, I got bad news for you: your Atari has not enough
power to play MP3s in realtime and, until one day the MiNT audio-device supports 
the Milan's soundblaster-card, this GILT for Milan-users, too.
	
	The decompression of a layer III file is a very timeconsuming process. It
takes about 20 MIPS per channel. As reported in the Falcon-manual, this machine 
offers only 3.84 MIPS. Perhaps a Falcon with an Centurbo II accelerator is able  
to play songs with 4-times downsampling and mono ( = 11 kHz instead of normaly  
44.1 kHz and stereo ). Could sound awful but may work ( is there anybody who    
could test it? ).
	
	Well, before you now start to cry I got a cookie for you:
	
	MPG123 has the feature to write the output-stream into the standard     
outputinstead of into the audio device. You only need a decent shell-tool like   
bash-,	korn-, or bourneshell ( personally I use the excellent Mupfel-shell      
which is part of the Gemini desktop-package). In an Unix-like shell, the        
standard-output	denotes the screen you will see, but could also send any        
information into a file on your harddisk.

	By the way, in the readme file, which comes along with the player, it    
is stated you would need MiNT, but fortunately it works with MagiC, too. You do  
not even need a multitasking OS. I've tested it under plain TOS. It worked, too. 
If you use MPG123 as a decoder, you actually only need a shell ( and a huge HD,  
remember the 1:14 ratio ).  

	The file, the music was written in, is an headerless raw-file format.   
This can easily converted into any other audioformat by such tools as 525 or 
SOX. SOX, for example, is a ported shell-using programm, too. Now you got the   
possibility to 	write a batchfile, that could automaticly decode a MP3 by using  
MPG123 ( btw, it does not matter if it's a MPEG1 layer or a MPEG2 ), write it to 
disc, convert it to WAV and thereafter play it using SWAV or an equal TOS sound 
player.
	
	Now, as promised, some words about the performance, tested on my 32 MHz  
Falcon. After I managed the problem with the shell-tool ( later some hints ),
I started the program to decode a song I've found on a CD. I worked with some    
other programs while MPG123 was decoding, multitasking makes it possible.  But,  
after 4 hours of endless waiting, I stopped this process. Next day I tried      
another strategy. I gave the program the highest priority and used one 
of these speed-up screen-savers. Then it worked. Surprise, surprise. This
time MPG123 needed only 2 hours ( !! ), with best quality ( 44.1 kHz, stereo).

         To save some time you can use the downsampling switch, this reduces the 
sound quality, or you buy a faster Atari. Cool alternatives.   
	        
	Let's take a closer look at the Amiga. A friend, who is owning an
Amiga 1200 with a 68030/50 MHz turbocard, showed me a MP3 player on this  
machine. This player was capable to play a sound file in realtime, with down-
sampling, in a good quality. But the surprising thing to me was, he could still
use his computer. Well, it was slowed down, but he could use it. I wonder, how
this player could be so fast on a machine, comparable to a Centurbo II accelerated
Falcon. I suppose, the player was written in highly optimised assembler. 
With this idea in mind, I started to search for information on the Internet.
There I found a library called Mpega, which the most Mp3 players for Amiga are
based on. The library itself contains of linkable binary sources for 68030+68882 
and 68040. Since these processors are exactly the same as in Atari computers, I  
wonder, if someone could convert it to the Atari.
	
	Well, now a short description of the supplied options.
	
	Mpg123 is, as stated, a commandoline driven tool. To start a song, you  
only type into your shell:
	
			 mpg123.ttp e:\music\cool_song.mp3
	
	Or something like this. But remember, this only works with much power   
 and MiNT. Otherwise, to use just the decoder ( any OS ), you start it with :
	
			 mpg123.ttp -s cool_song.mp3 > cool_song.raw
   							 
  This induce the player to write the music to standard-output and the shell
  to send standard-out into the given raw file. This could be the most used
  feature on smaller machines.
  
  Furthermore you need to know :
  
 	-v  displays the frame numbers during decoding.
        -2, -4 Performs a downsampling of ratio 2:1 										 (22 kHz) or 4:1 (11 kHz)
 	-0, -1 Decode only channel 0 (left) or 
  	       channel 1 (right), stereo MPEG streams 
  													 only

  This should be the most interessting options. There are a lot more like
 special effects ( i.e. half-, doublespeed ) or playing directly from Internet. 
 If you got the right power, there should be enough stuff to play  with.
  
  As promised, I want to offer you some hints, that simplify the daily
  work with this cool program:
  
  1. Always use the -v switch if you decode into a file. This allows you to 
  	  check if the decoder is still working ( otherwise you have to guess, 
  	  believe me ) and estimate how long the process needs.
  	  
  2. To convert the sample from raw to wav with 525, you have to give some data.
     The program needs following informations about the raw file:
     
     					- frequency: 44100 or 22050 or 11025
     					  (depends on the -2, -4 switches, you've used)
     					  
     					- format: Stereo Signed 16 Motorola 
     					  
  3. On unaccelerated Falcons, while decoding the music use a speedup           
     screensaver.
     This will save a little time. There should be some programs around, that   
     could do the trick, i.e. "Blow Up Soft" or "Twilight".
     
  Finally there should be ratings, let's go.
  
  Pro:
  - as the first MP3-player/converter it earns an originalitybonus
  - many useful options
  - serves a wide range of Atari computers 
  - plays all kinds of MP-files
  
  Contra:
  - no frontend
  - needs a shell
  - slow ( well, MP3 needs much power, but it's still slow )
  - no direct DMA output	     	  								  
										
  Ratings:
  slow Atari ........... fast Atari
	55%                    75%		     