
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                          
                   -----------------------------------------
                        
                   ñTHE OUTLOOK OF A SCENERS FEMALE PARTNERð

             by òBettina Kern-Sobirajð and óGhandyð (her husband)
 
                   -----------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                   


Knowing that the first person narrator isn`t really making an article
looking more professional, this time I can`t work without it. First I
had the idea to let my wife Bettina write this article on her own, but
she didn`t want to do so. "You are more experienced in writing english
articles and I won`t find the time and motivation" she answered me my
request.

I`ll never know how Henning (Rokdazone) convinced his girlfriend to
write some stuff for Generation, of course in english, and I`m sure he
won`t tell us his secret.

I knew Bettina had really interesting and profound views about the
scene which should find their way out of our flat. So after a little
brainstorming, she dictated me one thought after the other. This way
it can`t be really authentic, because it`s still me formulating her
ideas, but there was no other chance to get it realized. If you have
ever lost your girlfriend, because she wanted you to decide between
your Amiga and her, you should continue to read. Maybe then you will
understand a bit better why it`s so hard for them to share us with our
beloved computer and timeconsuming scenish hobby. But now I`ll be
calm, it`s up to Bettina to speak.



   ñTime is an enemy!ð


Sceners need time, a lot of sparetime for their hobby! Not only, the
factor time also changes to another signification. Lars, (Ghandy)
often told me "Oh, I`m just about to catch my emails... this will only
take five minutes", but then a half an hour later he was still behind
his computer. Not only he, I`m sure it won`t be different with other
Sceners. They forget the flat around them, they forget the
surroundings, the time, the date, their duties, everything. When I
asked "Hey.. you already got 30 minutes! Come on!", he woke up and
realised, that he is not alone. In the minute he was sitting behind
the computer and launched the first program, he left the real world
and entered his own virtual one. For me he`s then not longer longer
avaiable, you can try to speak or ask questions, but mostly you fail.
It takes a long time until he`s able to recognize that his "five"
minutes are over.

Why is the communication for them more easy with the computer instead
with us women? Easy! The computer does not attack the men sitting
behind them. He, the computer does not get on his nerves because of
his demands, for example for "computerfree"-sparetime, he does not
critisize and he doesn`t give applause.

Also the computer won`t have a look at the phonebill after he (the
Scener) has spend hours and hours in the IRC. Money plays an important
role in the Scene. But for me our common wellbalanced bank account has
of cause more importance...


  òGimme a hammer!ð

A hammer to destroy this machine, to force him to spend all his time
with me. That`s something I would dream of, especially when it`s
close to christmas or eastern when we both would have some free days,
but he`s far away to visit computer parties in Denmark or Hamburg...

The problem is, you can`t force the Sceners to a decision between the
Amiga and their female partners. I`m sure in most cases the Sceners
would decide the beloved computer. Or they try to exclude it, but
fail some weeks after because they miss it so much. It`s a part of
their life, it`s their main hobby and in case of Ghandy I was only
able to be successfull with a lot of tolerance and some interest for
the Scene... I`ve been on some meetings of illegal guys and it seemed
more to me, that there are some boys playing with their toys instead
of adult male persons. I had the impression that all their expensive
technical equipment was out of their childrens playroom.



   óWhat about the scene?!ð


Well.. I like to listen to some slow and romantic tunes by different
musicians. It`s also enjoyfull for me to look at welldrawn pictures,
good intros, demos etc. I`m not interested for the latest effects in
demos, the overall presence must be good. Just how it has an effect
on me... The scene? When I`m thinking of the scene I remember our
great holidays at the place of Chris/Gods. It was our first common
holiday since we are together and so it was very important for me. The
Amiga itself is only something for sweethearts who really love it. But
why not? You distinguish yourself from the masses, you choose a
different way.

I`m happy Ghandy is now mostly writing articles. What`s your result
if you are swapping? You investigate a lot of money and mostly get
back crap. To write an article is creative, not dull. Individuality
or personality can only be discovered by reading another ones article
and not by the stuff he has send to you.


--BOUNDARY.7753.350.121153928.8--


