
{*f1PIE BILL GATES{*f0
       
                                                         by òSector Oneð
               
               
                     ~  P R E V I E W   V E R S I O N  ~ 
                     

                                       System : óall Ataris 1Mb ð                    
                                       Code   : ñExylð 
                                       Gfx    : òeDoð
                                       Msx    : óDma Sc  ð
                                       


          I'm sure I can  already  hear some  of you  screaming like  hysterical 
monkeys : whaaaaat ?? He's going to write an article about a  òpreview version ?? ð
Yep you are right ! And why ? Because the game  should  be released  by the time 
you read this and because I think it  deserves a little promotion (and if you're 
not happy create your own diskmag).

          This game is actually a convertion from a surely wellknown PC freeware 
game. The aim is quite simple (but  so funny ;-) Remember when our  great friend 
Bill Gates was savagely ñpie attackedð by a Belgian terrorist ? Sure you dreamt of 
being this  man... hey it's not  a dream anymore, you can  throw as many pies as 
you like at Bill's face !

           The introduction comes with a nice zoom on a Sector One  logo done by 
òeDoð (it means 'great' :). Another title screen comes slice by slice and displays 
a "Pie Bill  Gates' with the face of  our heroe printed on a US banknote. You're 
in the menu now. You'll immediately note that all details have been thoughtfully 
worked on : the nice soundtrack by ñDma Scð (replaced by  a cool chip on Stf), the 
very well designed menu with nice colors and it's all smooth.

          óSeveral game modesð will be available in the final version but I cannot 
tell you much more now since  they were disabled in this demo  version. You will 
have the surprise ! So I  chose 'training' (well I had  no choice actually). the 
game loads and  the game is on : the colors are just so great ! On the left side 
of the screen here a vertical box that  features a Sector One  logo, some scores 
and a time  counter... The main part  features 4 "holes in the ground". Suddenly 
Bie Gates pops up ! You grab your  mouse and  click frantically  to  do as  much 
damage as possible. The gfx were converted from the 256 color PC version but hey 
they look òBETTER !!ð The  animations of  the falling crushed pies and the popping 
heads is very smooth (not to forget the still playing 50 Khz soundtrack). If you 
feel strong enough to face more Billies just press space and wait. Each time you 
want to add a 'head' just do so. The maximum  is óTWELVEð  heads at a time and the 
animation keeps being smooth. What else could I say ???

          ñBottom lineð : I'm  so  sorry I  cannot  tell you more  about the other 
games mode. I  emailed òExylð but he  didn't answer (busy with  his exams) but you 
can trust me when I'm telling you that Pie Bill Gates is the ófunniest game on STð 
i've ever seen. Also it is really nice to see that all  the parts have been done 
so neatly : ñcool  gfx,ðò smooth  animation,ðó nice  atmospheric soundtrackð (and  the 
chip sounds damm cool too). The game runs  from harddrive and  the final version 
will include highscores saves and various game mode for hardcore pie tossers !

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   preview information provided by òSTsurvivorð
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                   
                             
                                                