--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{*f1IT MAKES ME SO SICK{*f0
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello together...

It's the first time since the ERROR IN LINE Party that I touch my keyboard again
to write some stuff for the magazine.
But today, as I was searching for some stuff on several disx I wanted to copy to
my Falcon  I stumbled  over a disk  which had  darkened my mind as I got it some
days before  the Party. As I  got this  disk and watched the contents I got very
upset about it and the makers behind one program on this disk.
It was  sent to me by  a guy from  Poland who was a member of a wellknown polish
demo group and is still member of the fake band RASERO TEAM.
Well, the  disk contained a file called "RSR_PORN.EXE", obviously a file for the
PC and as I have such a machine I started it after I copied it to my harddisk.

The things  I saw then where  making me so sick! At first, it's a Porn-demo, and
if it would be just an ordinary one I would have no problems with it... but this
one contains  some pedophilia shit, ugly  dickheads who were fucking girls which
where maybe just  11 or 12 years old! Besides the pictures a technoing music was
played and some dull sayings were displayed on the screen...

After the  demo was over, I was sitting in front of my PC and had a big dumpling
in my neck... at  first I am a bit  happy about the fact that there is no Atari-
version of this "demo" around, even if it was announced in the demo as well.
But at  second the whole  thing was making me  sad and than very angry! If I had
met some  of the makers in  the first moment I had kicked his balls until he was
laying on the floor and not wriggling anymore.

Maybe  some people would  laugh about the demo or think nothing about it... even
if it is fact that the abuse of kids isn't only criminal but also unethical.
But if  you have to do with kids in any kind, or better if you have a kid in the
same age by yourself I think the first thought of you would be "kill the makers"
and piss on their grave!

And because since  a few weeks I'm  something like the father of an eleven years
old girl  I think so  too and everytime as I see Sarah and think about this ugly
demo  it makes  me so sick  again. I  don't have  any idea  why some  people are
stealing the childhood of those kids, just for their pervert ideas and dreams.

Maybe  they had  problems  in their  own childhood, maybe  they don't  have  the
courage  to start  something with  a woman, maybe  they're too  limited in their
brains to  check out what  they're doing, but all those points DON'T allow it to
do something like this!
Furthermore I don't see the point why the RASERO's have released those pics in a
so called demo, maybe they're some of the people I described above?
But it  doesn't matter to me, if someone has made such experiences by himself to
act in this  way! If he had suffered  really under such actions he should  think
about this instead of stealing the soul of other childs...

Ok... stop this... but to  go on with another point... what the hell is going on
in this scene?
What perverted people are flooding this small place of independence?
I don't understand this point... really!
Hum, it's not  the reason for my stop at all, but surely it's a piece of the big
puzzle which brought me to this step...
And here it doesn't  matter if the people are PC-lamers or not, because even the
Atari and Amiga sections of this band are standing behind the production. If not
it hadn't found the way to my harddisk...

The demo-scene, on  all systems, is  a place for  creative people, who  have the
same  ideas, it  doesn't matter  if they're  using an  Atari, Amiga, PC, C-64 or
anything  else. All those  people have in  common that they're trying to  create
"digital art", as Lucky of ST said some years back.
But those  releases, as  well as  the ones  by those  suckers  DTVM, don't  have
anything  on common  with  creativity... they  just  show the bad  sides of this
underground culture and if we don't react we will pay the price sometimes!

This is my  reaction and if  anyone has something to say about this theme, write
me at: òmoondog@atari.orgð

And be sure, I'm very interested in the fact how many people will make their own
thoughts about this kind of demos and decay of the freaky atmosphere of this, of
OUR small world!

yours, moondog
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------