Hello Atari folks !

Here is EdO typing on the legendary grey keyboard !

Whatcould I say about this party ? Well... maybe EIL rulez !!!??


Arf, I'm off... 


06:00 

idle

baggio? is that you?



fuckar up!

:))

08:25 Ouch, my next day. Somebody broken my sleeping. Party is OK but room
		with big screen is too little for all people. 
		I'm still eating my lovely fishes in oil & tomatos - rest of people
		(Winio, Grey, Eros) talk to me: why do you eat it ? fishes smell like
		shit ! - Maybe fishes aren't like roses but I like (to eat !)
		Winio is making effects for demo, Grey is showing old & news demos
		and he is drinking vodka :) 
															MacGyver/AIDS
															
"wanna kopie off nju demmo?" 
          
                 (grey, march '97)
															
08:50 It's me again. I see - some people are idle - no new texts in
	   RealTime's editor.
	   
	   Atari Rules !!! (8/16/32 bits)
	   
	   													MacGyver/AIDS
	   													
  													
08:51 I am now more than 24 hour awake and I feel like a trashcan filled
      with two week old fish. The children at this party are nice to me.
      ~NO/Escape~
      
09:05 Returned to life after _some_ hours of sleep in my car.


09 something > st survivor VS German Keyboard :fight !!!!

               it's no use, Icannot win,it' so unfair !!!!
               
               
               
               ....but i'll be back


<zeit ist relativ>
Fuckn in the morningtime, makes more fit than HAFERFLOCKENSCHLEIM!


09.26 CiH back after being refreshed(?) by several hours of sleep. Mucho
		strangeness in the night no doubt, but I missed it. Requiem made a
		new noise in the sleeping room, like someone was trying to unscrew
		his head but this time I was too asleep to make detailed notes...
		
		Y and Z perfectly at home now,butspacebargiving me problems.
		
9:32  TM/FUN
		Earx has just been nominated 2 BA of The A Team.
		We gave him three necklesses and now he's the real BA:)
		
		I did not sleep... why should I.... the rough fun demo is almost
		ready... that is if earx is not 2 lazy 2 continue with coding the damn demo!
		Nhaa... Ba is doing a nice job... all FX are ready for plugging into
		the playlist... so far so good!
		
		If all goes right I will finish tron today (gfx and mod's are ready).
		Now I have 2 find the motivation 2 compile those into the game and finish it
		(that is if I can remember the meaning of the word finish :).

9:50  moondog is just on the road again, making coffee and checking out that
      the whole text from yesterday is missing... thanx to the one who killed
      it... if we will find you you will hope to be not here...
 
ich war's, ich war's! hehehehehe..... (find mich doch....)     
     
      PLEASE BE CAREFULL BY USING THE GERMAN KEYS AND TRY TO DELETE NOTHING!
      

9:58  Schnismbimm

      (part of the so called "new way")
      
      
hat wer gesagt, daû es sinn machen soll?


10.20	Felice is also on the road again now, after a better night's sleep.
		Despite the fact that Req was in the room when I woke up later on, I
		think a good thing here could be to go to bed and get to sleep before
		he arrives, then once he starts snoring there should be no problem.
		I understand Grey has been drinking some vodka but he doesn't sound
		any the worse for wear for it, despite not bringing any women back
		with him as yet. :)
		
		Maybe he'll have better luck next time on that score ? I tell you
		something though, it would be nice to see at least one of the local
		women here, preferablz with no panties on or with them at their ankles
		but I guess we can only dream, huh :)
		
		This keyboard feels like it needs replacing, both the return and 
		enter keys seem to be slighltly unresponsive. :(
		
		L8er folks !!
		
		Felice.
		

10:?? BIG FUCKINGS TO UDM!
      MC Lamer!
      
      
10:30 The first entries for the graphics and music competitions are ready.
      Two SID freaks (MacLaser and Torschten) are listening to terribly
      Chipsound music. It seems to be one pattern which is 100 times repeated.
      When will the guys check this?? In the worst case they will sit the
      next 24 hours in front of the computer, listening to the same pattern.
      ~NO/Escape~
      
10:53 where can we connect our toasters?! /swedes

11.15 Apparently, we're wasting our time writing a realtime for Maggie,
	  	maybe we'd better stop?(maybe if the person who wrote that actually
	  	signed their name, we might take some notice of that view!)
	  	
	  	CiH, *not* remaining anonymous!
	  	
11:27 Just fucked up three more times. Higly interestingly. Dings rules. 
		machine is still working. Produces warm water with coffee taste. dings.
		
11:35 Hum... painting sucks... fonts painting sucks a lot more... and mOd is
      speaking shit to me, arg. moondog
      
11.45	Just been listening to the new song recorded by Evl & Toodeloo, it
		rocks !  This is one very happy Felice here, who has also managed
		to obtain a copy of the new album by Crash Test Dummies - one that
		I have been waiting for for a loooooong loooooong time :)
		
		Felice.
		
some time after: we'll I am having a great time...potential it would have
      been a big load of releases from RG...but in reality...not. 
      My .MOD is 4mins when I thought it was 2mins comedy from twinsync,
      I was making a .SID in digitracker but never used it before but I
      think that all msx/gfx had to be handed in today so no chance for me
      to get one done...ah excuses.. we'll maybe enter in the wild section
      with Mrpink/MSG's comedy show!! I bet that everyone can't wait..:^)
      
12:30 Hell.. It must be 30 hours since I last closed an eye. Man! This
      isn't good for my health. But hey.. It's now certain we'll release the
      demo in time (even if it isn't 50% of the lenght it should be). We're
      happy we're releasing something and there are other ppl doing the same!
      Looking forward extremely to seeing what the Falc and ST are capable
      of!
      EARX/FUN

		PS I like the demos played on the screen. A complete history of all
		Falcon demos. Luuurrvveee it!! =) But strangely I miss the extreme
		terror series and guys like the c64 FIKKEN guys! :)) 

12:?? Wenn Du im Universum Åberleben willst, musst Du immer wissen wo Dein
      Handtuch ist.
      
      MC Laser - No idea - no respect - fuck you
      
13.21 This realtime is too serious, it needs some silliness, a working 
		space bar would be nice too! Here goes....
		
		Electric cattle prods rule!
		
		CiH, who is convinced that he will needs psychiatric counselling to
		get over his dangerous dependence on German keyboards.
		
13.45	Been looking at some of the hilarious demos on Moondog's PC. Some of
		them (one in particular called Viagra) looks like a Senior Dads thingy.
		I didn't know they now release PC stuff as well as Falc stuff !! :)
		
		Felice.

14:45 Power failure... SHIIIIT !!!

14:55 Ha! STAX FONT fertig, ich auch... moondog


15:dunnowat schnismpower rules da world.

            schnismpower means weltherrschaft.


16:55 aber egal...

16: und noch was, liebling macht den besten coffee, hmm, der legt mich um, 
    ach dumm ...
    
16:25	dings. Lot. World is bad. We are worse. Tim singt. Cubase schitfucking
		schon viele Stunden nicht abgestÅrzt. Warum? Was hat das Leben dann
		fÅr Sinn? Einen. Vielleicht.
    
16:25 Unqualifizierte KameramÑnner labern kacke am StÅck...

      Lazy the Sperminator
      
16:22 We just came back from the Bugger King.. damn, i hate that kind of 
      food but i have to fill my stomach with something different than
      beers..        
      
      cheer up, german beer is damn cheap...yahoo!!
      
                                                     grey / mystic bytes
      
16:35 German beer called PILSATOR isn't too bad - I'm shocking - in Poland 
      most cheap beer is costing about 0,9 DM - in German i saw most cheap 
      beer which is costing 0,55 DM.
      	
      												MacGyver/AIDS
      												
16:45 It's time to do something for undercover, before I get killed... arg.
      lazydog...
      
16:55	Starting to feel hungry now, maybe time for pizza ?

		Felice.
		          
16:55 It's me again (MacGyver). People from Poland now are idle (a little ;)
      Winio stopped work (he is making demo), Grey is showing Time Out (27
      times per hour), Grey is drunk, Krazio is sleeping (14 hours per day !!!)
      Vulgar & Kosmy escaped from party's place into old town and I'm (MacGyver)
      writing stupid texts.......    Yeah.....
      
      														MacGyver
      														
17.00 Psycho Babble Maggie on hold,it doesn't like ST's very much. Still
		okay with the Falcon..(I've just realised, IT'S THE BLOODY MUSIC
		PLAYER that's stuffing it!!) What comes of not having an ST to
		test it on!   
		               OoOoH, it's CiH!
		               
17.40 I saw Earx's effects on CT2. They were looking very good. CT2 is very
      fast but I'm still waiting for Tempest by Titan Design ! I see nice 
      future in PowerPC 240 MHz for Falcon !!! 
      
      														MacGyver/AIDS (it's a name of 
      																			crew only :)))

18:00	Dingens. Bohei. Besser 'n abber arm als reicher an.

18.20 Warning !!! Atention !!! Achtung !!! I'm an organizer of independent
      competition: if you talk correctly polish text's sequence: 
      "W Szebrzeszynie brzmi chrzaszcz w trzcinie" and you will do it better
      than rest of people (not from Poland of course) I will give for you 
      bottle of best polish vodka ! 
      
18.30 Hi guyzzzzz i am little drunked, and i must code my shity demo now.
Ohh...fuck - life sucks. I hpe , that i finish it before deadline.

																				Winio/Cobra
																				
18.irgendwas   wow....wath's happening?..the other cream members sleep deph since hours
					and I have finished and TC-compo pic at the party (I didn't plan that but...)
					it's of course not pixeled...it just shows my 3D skills, and is a very atari-based 
					motive =)....ok, whats the situation...candy was vwery tyred and coding slow, so that
					it's better he sleep a bit...hope if he  is a bit recreated we can finish the rest of
					the demo, I will use the time to make some demoGFX (of course there is many in 3D)...
					...we will see what the next day brings truh the sunlight =)
					party is great...talk a lot with MoD and Grey, have some fun...
					
																					A.-t-/cream	
																					
																					
19.05	bit of a quiet time atm :-|

		Vulgar, if you go out, make sure you bring some women back with you !
				
		Felice.
		
19.12 After the lady at bar had shouted via microphone "Pizza",MdM/The Mystic Bytes suddenly screamed	 "Halt die Klappe!!!".
		Beer rulez!!! 				


19:21 Yeah! The food was gooooood! :-) MC Lamer

20.06 This is a "schnell realtime article", according to background comments
		being made. Felice, did you have any kind of woman in mind for your
		takeout order? It's similar to ordering pizza, but the people at the
		shop need to know what you want in advance, so they can see if they
		have got your particular kink, erm, requirement in stock!
		
		CiH, oh really?
		
20.28 Nice musax in background,around me some fellows code something,I do not know unfortunately what.<----------------------------|
		My voice still sucks!-I will have to forget about drinking for a long time.No girls,no  person to talk to... :-((((        l |
		So I am writing this,to slay the time.That is why you do not have to read this boring shit,but if you do you will know     o |
		I feel so lonely.Nice fractals are being shown on the big screen now                                                       o |
		Kurwa chuj pierdole to wszystko-Grey says : "...suszylem se dupe w suszarce do rÑk..." which means "I have dry my ass in a p |
		hand-dryer".Grey suggests me to drink more... @:))---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
		
		MODRED/MYSTIC BYTES 
												           
												           
20:50 Hum... in the background some old Falcon demos were shown, just like
      some Opium screen I think... the crowd seems to be more pizza orientated
      than interested in coding, hmm... the first competitions aren't far
      away... moondog												           
      
21:x^1 weltherrschaft, 2nd part.

hallo ericschen

fuckar uppp!

klompendansen with mOOndog/pod...

not yet... just ask pieter if he has some time... i have to get my wooden
shoes at first, this means i have to ask pieter, maybe he can borrow me
his ones... they're just laying in his caravan... the one with the yellow
numbers, just follow the cheesy smelling air!

no, sorry eric, pieter "the brush" van der meer has no time cause he's
bowling some bockwursts atm.... but maybe our little dutch cheese-lovers 
are going to take part in the legendary wild-competition, doing a very fine
klompendansen on stage?

(which stage, btw? there isn't even enough room for all the party-mates in the
compo's room....;))))

tja, mOd... I heard something about a pre-selection of the people who are
allowed to vote! On PC-parties it's fact that not all demos are coming into
the final competition... on Atari-parties not all participators have the
right to vote for their fave demos... but there is no possibility to use
the pc-a-like-way... because on atari parties there are usually not as much
entries as on PC... and if there has to be a pre-selection  they have just to
select the voters... dunno?

agent -t- had the (fine?) idea of forming a special jury for voting, composed
out of him, him and him.

yeh... but not only him, also his second ego... do you remember his shizophrene
thoughts?! hu? anyway, a jury consisted of Agent T, a.-t-, T-Spion and Kay
would be really great! I think they will need hours to decide who can vote
and who not... because they don't find a way...

ahm, btw, may second pseudo is polly, the catfish. wanna say hello to Polly?

Hello Polly! Wots up?!

Kraaak. Do you have a cookie?

Cookie?! You can get some weeeeeiiiiird weeed!!! Praise the power mo!

Kra-haak. Polly don't wants your bad shit. 

Zap.

01.35 Music and graphics compos been and gone.Very nice stuff,
		but I was too busy watching and listening to the entries to try
		writing in the dark! Note to organisers, we need a list of who
		did what, in which order, and with what software to vote 
		effectively.
		
		CiH, will you still love me in the morning?
		


Ahh, where were we?

KAAAAASKOPPENS!

But hey, there are not only kaaskoppens on the party, there are even baguette-
heads, ale-drinkers and people asking you if you "wanna koppie off nju demmo"...

Hej! You have just forgotten the "Moosehair-underwear" users from far north!

"Wie jetzt, >Mooshose<?"

Bier alle - neues holen!

S
SC
SCR
SCRO
SCROL
SCROLL
SCROLLL ...oops, one L too much.
SCROLLE
SCROLLER

;) 

mOdmate finally done it again ;) DESIGN ;))

design?! aaaahhhh

. . . .. .. .... .... .............................................

   o-- moondog --o
   |             |
   |         o---------o 
   o_________|         |
             |         |     proudly presents his latest
             o_________o
             
             
             
                         /\
                        /  \
                       /    \
                      /______Vector routines!
                      
Ya! Biiit diss!

Ahmmmm, I can't. I am a painter, only. Which means, if you have read my aRt
fACtORies quite clearly, I am a lamer. Cause:

"Real graphicians are staying lamers their whole lifetime."

and arriving just at the times on parties when the "important" people are
already there... eh?!

sure.

sure trip.

thanks carsten.

what trip?! wanna have some too!

Mary Jane? Ask Pieter, you know, "The Brush"...

Panzerbeat-man!  anyway... has anyone seen Marie-Johanna?! She's running
around and smokes something!

Old car-tyres, I know that story. (yawn) I heard it a hundred times before.

Hu?! I don't think we're talking of the same individual...

Everyone is schizo.

Well well well well well my old droogs. How about some horrorshow tollschock?

Isch gann dir jetzte nisch folschen, due!


Ho ho ho ho ho. Wohl wieder zuviel dem alten "Rein-raus" mit ein paar jungen
Djewotschkas gehuldigt?

rein raus?! neee... rein... weiter rein, am reinsten! wow!

Na, da hat er es aber mit viel Ultrabrutale versucht und ihr gleich mÑchtig
eins auf die Zuppies gegeben?

so.... dann frag den herrn schneider! ich geh jetzt, eh! Verstehst du die
ProblematiK?! Achso... und schau mal in den Keller, ich glaube die Russen
sind da!

Well well meine lieben Droogs, dieser Tschellufjek scheint keine Jarbels zu 
haben, nicht mal Jarblotzkis. Well, such ich mir eben neue Droogs. BettwÑrts 
dann.

  .:Whatever?:.

21:00 ...the lame thing... on the big screen! where are those times?!

23.00	um, what lame thing guyz ?
		There have been some things I have missed, particularly in 93 and 
		94, what I have seen looks pretty spectacular :)
		
		I haven't seen any new women here yet,maybe tomorrow ?
		
		Felice.
		
23:30: so where is the musiccompo?!

23:31:nowhere.

23:33:Hi in da houZe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
      (da Boooooosters was not here) :(  / Alcocool

23:34 Jag kan en sang som irriterar folk, jag kan en sang som irriterar folk,
		Jag kan en sang som irriterar folk, jag kan en sang som irriterar folk,
		Jag kan en sang som irriterar folk, jag kan en sang som irriterar folk,
		Jag kan en sang som irriterar folk, jag kan en sang som irriterar folk.
		//Underskoterska Lars, IPiR.
		
23:42	Where is the music!

23:44	VALROSS!

00:12	Soooooooova!

00:30	If a program works,you comment a line and it crashes and you then
		uncomment that line and it still dont work has Santa made changes
		in the source then?
		//PeyloW
		PS AIO you shoald have been here.
		
	
00:32 Competetetetetion fOR Musicicicics is over. Partly outstanding, partly
      disappointing. Music was mainly some "bumm-bumm" stuff, not too original
      I think. 
      
      TannhÑuser Gate is a joke, but the .MOD was cool, no doubts.
      
      
Achim: "Welche Vocoder?!"

/mOdmate

00:35 Ach was, du bist ja nur ein Grafiker ohne Musikgeschmack ;-)

00:36


      Well, the musiccompo(s) are over, and i think 90% of the contributions
      sucked big time. I know i'll get kicked for saying this...:)
      The chipmusic was to simple although i think Tao's tune had some very
      cool stuff. I wish i had the guts to enter a musiccompo sometime, cause
      i think it would atleast ended up among the 3 best tunes ...:)
      /Baggio
      
00:40 Big nose on the keys: 

00:48 Yepp,msxcompo is over, and most of the stuff listened to was
      just ordinary tracker msx, except of some tunes.
      I wan't more guitars or real diehardcore teKnO
      \Mr.XY 

00:59 HUM... where is the pixel compo?! 13 minutes they said and now? At
      least the music compos weren't so sucky as thought... don't want to
      think about the fact what would have happened to my mind if I had
      to listen to about 3o dull techno modules... urgs...
      moondog
      


g'night, mOdmate

 
02:40 got lots of beer. chocolate. coke. watching demos on big screen.
      that's fun. thinking of where to sleep. the compo's have been lots
      of fun (especially the pics compo's).  tommy/cp
      
03:10 Now I'm looking quite nice demos on Amiga but they are showed for 
		VHS-cassette - not from Amiga. 
		
																	MacGyver/AIDS
																	
03:15 Finaly things looks bright again. I have never before found so many
		bugs in my macro library. Hopefully all(most) of them are sortedout
		by now. //PeyloW
		
03:21 Oh yes, by the way, Paranoia is here too.
      Not very much to say from our side, we arrived late because of
      problems with our car, nevertheless having fun with a lot of
      friendly chaps ...
      By the way, Luebke finished the PowerMac version of the game we
      plan to release here, Reverse Pong ... I will have to do some
      more coding for the ST/Falcon version, but can hopefully release
      it here. 
                                                The Paranoid

03.30 Reverse Pong? What about Reverse Space Invaders,"Space Quitters!"
		"No, wait, come back guys, I wish to shoot you all!"
		
		Amiga demos are very strange..
		
		Wonder if this realtime will still be here in the morning?
		
		It *is* the morning now?
		
		CiH, one good textured tunnel on the big screen, and all thoughts
		of a witty tagline go flying right out of my brain..
		
03:45 time for going to bed... meanwhile some great amiga-demos torturing
      the last survivors... moondog
      
04:10 Einsam der Falcon wacht, ich sage gute nacht!
		Coder Nr.1/F2
		
04:35	Poepdoos! I am tired,but my body and mind do not fall asleep...
		Maybe I should lie down and wait, waiting for the morning to come.
		Relieving me of this.. erm...   
		45 hours without sleeping seems to have had some effect on my brains.
		I have been living in a trance-like state for the last few days.
		Let's trip some more! This is great! I want more!
		
		/Tinker of Teenage.
		
4:45  Well I've seen the gfx competition and heard the msx competition...
		I must say that there were some nice products there....
		Yes I know... this is easy 2 say but I am not saying it...
		I'm typing it hehe (sleepless joke :).
		
		oke This is the second night i haven't slept... I'm starting to get
		dry eyes and when I start staring I have psychodilic FX.... REALTIME!!
		EARX is sleeping and he wont be awake for a long time.
		He want's 2 be awake around 12:00 but you'l need a hamer to get him
		open his eyes!
		
		So far so good... I can't wait until the demo releases 2 come.
		We are busy with the credits sceen and I think we will pull it off!
		FINISH the demo on time hehe...
		
		Cu TM/FUN
		
4:weiûdergeier: what can I say, the first compos are not a big surprise
					 the musiks are not more as nice and the gfx suck's in my opinion
					 ...afraid the great times are def. over.....but U can read very 
					 luschtige sache von der scenehoilboje...ohman ist alles schlecht
					 =)...wild life in east germ.......
					 
					 										cup of tea / ICS

6:00	Ok..it's ===>Shifter's time. The most ofthe people here are sleeping now but
		i can't. But I now...in a few hours I will be very tired..and then i cant 
		sleep too. I'm still waiting for the competition and i hope that there will be some
		nice demos. It's time for some new stuff in the szene!
		Big greetings to Finn Bastiansen. He's very sorry that he couln't come this time
		but he is broken ;)
		And big greetings from Finn are going to the Atari-szene!!!
		CU in IRC.... ===>Shifter
		
10.00	People are beginning to wake up now and smell the coffee :)
		Another reasonably uneventful night last night except at the 
		beginning, we think Arnel was responsible for the snoring sounds
		but he is not half as loud as Requiem !! Nobody needed to turn into
		a monster from Quake to silence him though, so I guess things went
		fairly well there.
		
		I'm just waking up myself atm so apologies if this text seems real
		weird ....... :)
		
		Felice.
		
		
10:05 awake again, mOdmate

10.15 No Felice, I Just knew it was your normal self writing!
		UCM Realtime still running in shock horror exclusive!
		Maggie Realtime falls back on toilet humour!
		
		CiH, the chicks *aren't* free!
		
 
		
10.21 hmm..jag undrar om vi skall slÑppa vart gamla intro MODEST hÑr...
		jag maste ha en RGB-monitor for att kunna gîra de sista Ñndringarna..
		Det Ñr nu uppenbart att vi inte kommer att hinna klart vart demo
		tillsammans med NEWBEAT, tyvÑrr.	Detta Ñr skrivet i riktig frustration
		îver det tyska spraket :)) Well...i better go find an RGB-monitor now..
		
		see you later...
		/Fredrik Egeberg (deez)
		
10:30 Wow! after some teeth brushing and other styling stuff moondog is
      feeling like a human being again... i can't believe it! Anyway, 
      today is THE day... I hope a lot of demos will see the light of day 
      and I can't await the moment to have them on my disk/hd.... yam!

11:20 Mayonez didn't finish demo for ST. He send for us only preview.
      Winio is linking demo for Falcon. Now probably makes design.
      It will very big production !

      											MacGyver/AIDS




11:20 Lazy Laser on the keys. Attention to all atari-people! I need your
      help with my Atari-Scene-Email-List! Please get in touch with me
      and give me your email addy or please check if your addy in my list
      is correct! I'm based left beside this article! Thanx.

      MC Laser/tSCc^PoD (UCM News editor)

12:00 Has already someone said that the CD's hanging around, called "Atari
      Forever II" are really shitty?! So I have to do it... such a crap
      isn't worth to be burned on CD, sorry...



12.05	A relatively quiet time here at the moment, people seem to be busy
		with their competition-entries. We should hopefully see some good
		stuff appearing a bit later on :)

		Felice.

12:55	Good morning --> Lot/TnB

12:55:30 Today is "THE" day? Hmmm. Dunno. CP will rule. ;)

13:03 Waiting for pizza (tuna this time) and for the repeating of the gfx
      and music compos. I hope the demo compo's won't be shown too late 
      tonight because i gotta drive home tonight - the streets will be too 
      full on monday.

      Deadline has just passed.

13:10 hehe... nope deadline was changed... 3 PM now! So go ahead and finish
      all your stuff!

13:15	Watching some demos on the big screen once again - pretty cool stuff.
		Just beforehand there was a showing of Lost Blubb on the big screen,
		this is always an impressive demo, but looks even better on there.
		BTW, what "CP" will rule ? If you're talking Child's Play, well,
		Bride of Chucky certainly rulez, though I have not seen it yet :)

		Felice.

13.20 There is some nice 8-Bit Atari stuff going on underneath the big
		screen too. A neat interlaced graphics slideshow thingy.

		<>>> CiH, with tunnel vision.

13:50 suckar stuffen.

13:50 Boy, I'm getting all nostalgic here ;-)

		Energizer

14:?? Amazing stuff on da screen... hehehe ! I'm waiting for the ST 
      competition :) -->!EdO!<--

14:46 CP rular

15:00 Yes, but what is CP ? :)

15:10	Trollet of IPiR has been seen making demo muzak at the WCs.

15:47 "C"harlie "P"arker?
      "C"om"P"uter?

15:48 suckfactor of the air in the partie's rooms: 10/10.

16:08 i guess CP means either ComPetition or Comic Pirates. Deadline moved 
      to 04.00 pm.

16:?? CP means CYPERPUNK.
      MC LASER

16:45 Tahumm... Lottie of tnb is leaving the party place... LAMER! =)

lamermaten


16.48 German version of Terminator 2 on the big screen, (fanfare..)
		"Germinator 2"!?! (ho ho!)

		'CP' - Corporal Punishment!

		CiH, keep those needles away from me!!


17.20	Yep, the dialogue is a mixture of German and English.
		Oh, btw, where do you get that from, Chris ? CP can mean a whole
		lot of other things besides the above :)

		Sounds like you need to renew your subs to KANE magazine. Why
		not ask Baggio to give you a subs form :)


17.43 Felice, I presume? Like 'CP' can mean what else?
		And whilst we're on the subject, how come you know about stuffs
		like Kane magazine, bit of a specialist reader are you!? :P

		CiH, Take it all whack, Jack!

18.10	Have no fear, TAM was here
		ha ingen fara, TAM var hÑr
		Bitte ruhig, TAM sind hier
      N'ayez pas peur, TAM etait ici (EdO is typing :)

18:25 I wish TAT was here ;))


CP means CheckPoint.


18:45 Hoi hoi... here is the reanimated falcon owner called moondog! thnx
      evil, so I don't have to bet someone to test falcy stuff for ucm
      anymore... so be prepared for some rude reviews... hehe ;)

18.45 Heyyy, Moondog got a Falcy! Falcons rule!

		CiH, abort/retry/y'all.


19.10 We had little problem with demo but they was fixed - Winio is linking
      effects.
      It's my 3rd day on party's place - I was sleeping only 5 hours in 
      this time ;) - but my performance is quite good, probably about
      70% :)

      															MacGuver/AIDS


19:29 just a little note to the polish posse:

      sqward, dales ciala =)) zaluj, ze Cie tu nie ma.. party jest 
      zajebiste!! na okolo kupa flaszek, st'kow.. w tej chwili jest okolo
      90 osob, 98% to ludzie ze sceny atarowskiej..

      mdm dal wczoraj ostro w palnik =)) najebal sie jak ruski plecak,
      prawie cale compo przelezal.. =)) by the way - mdm otworzyl sobie
      konserwe, zjadl troche i zostawil na stole.. krazio zapalil szluga
      i skipowal do puszki myslac, ze to popielnica, hehe =))

      niezle jaja byly z Breath'em.. najpierw wyjebalem je do kosha,
      pozniej nie chcialo lazic na 4MB ST'ku 8-)) cale szczescie mialem
      5 kopii Breath'a :) demko nie chcialo chodzic na ST'ku organizatorow,
      kwasilo sie w chwili gdy wchodzil tunel mdm'a.. juz mialem do Ciebie
      call'nac i zapytac "wassup", ale uruchomilem je na innym ST'ku i 
      poszlo! zalatwilem twardziela od st survivor'a/loud! mial hdd do ST 
      ale demko kwasilo sie zaraz po logosku mystic bytes..

      okay, zostalo juz kilka godzin do demo compo.. lece zobaczyc co
      wystawi nasza konkurencja.. =))

      3maj sie pedzla!

                                                 grey / mystic bytes


Note from EdO: Polish sux Grey ! :)


19:?? What the fuck... the Maggie-article is miles ahead from this one...
      aargh, we lost a whole day... but we try to beat you :-)

      MC Laser/The Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


who cares?

20.50 NIemand hat sich so richtig um die Uhrzeit gekÅmmert und diese Scheiû
Space-Taste tut's immer noch nicht. HIer isat eine Luft zum Ersticvjen und 
die Teststtur turts immqewrtjkarfdgh ghjkqam novh nicht .
Questons?
FK/Room

21.00 We are waiting for the cobra-demo. Hope they will finish it.

21.04 Beat us, go for it! Ooh yeah! Don't call this realtime punishment
		for nothing! :-)

		KANE magazine rules!

		CiH, do it hard and fast!

21:19 Everything is going real slow now,mainly tired ppl on the floors,
      who try to enjoy the rest of this party.

21:weiûnix ...wish I was here

      sahnebeutel rocken, ohne socken

21:50	You only have to worry about CiH when he actually produces a copy
		of KANE magazine, didn't you know it's where he gets the ideas from
		for each issue of Maggie ?

22.00 leckere fritts by Tinker, hmmmmmmm

22.07 You should see where Felice gets his ideas from,(Gardeners Monthly!)

		CiH, watch out for Sideshow Bob...

22:15	Mmmmh Shifter isback again. Now we can see the Simpsons on the
      Big-Screen. I love them! A good way to make the time to the 
      competition shorter ;).
      I think in about 30 minutes we will see the results of the hard
      work from some of the last coders on Atari-Computers. Still 
      waiting.. ohh Sideshow Bob is coming ....===>Shifter


22:31 Yeager is quite sexy. (Says Evl/DHS)


22:32 Maybe not.

22:32:01 Yes, I am. At least 5 minutes ago when I had sex with atleast 3 
         girls at the same time. They told me the truth.

22:52    3 girls eh ? Oh, perhaps i should mention Yeagers definition of
         girls ... Girl=Guy with a blond wig......
         Ah well, it's soon time for the demo compo and i really look 
         forward to see all the demos, esp the falcon ones. I heard 
         candyman/cream decided not to show his new demo here, which indeed
         is a real shame. I think Peylow wants to write some shit in here
         now so i'll hand the keyboard over to him now ...
         /Baggio

22:55	Orders are orders soI better type. GAMES! I want more games!
		is there anyone going to do a Altered beast kindof game for the
		Falcon? The ST version kind of sux, should be great looking (and
		playable) on a Falcon.
		// PeyloW / Atari gamer


kompetitar!


01:05 I wish the poles would shut up during competitions ...

01:10 Hum... Cobra is crying for a Centurbo Card... I would say,learn to
      code in the way the others are doing... or we will reach some kind
      of PC madness here (I can't code, but the fast machine will fix it)
      bla... shit happens... anyway, DHS demo ruled, even with fucked up
      presentation, my fat respect!  moondog, the reanimated Falcon user...

01:30	GERMINATOR....it's so funny!

01:38	Elias wants to post something in your mailbox....

02:10	Pretty good show in general, a shame about the shitty wild compo.
		I guess the best demo was done by the Polskis, but I am curious as 
		to why the entry from MSG & Mr Pink did not go ahead.
		Noone got the woman from behind the bar to drop her knickers or 
		managed to pull them down for her, I'm sure that would have won the 
		wild compo if nowt else !!

		Felice.

02:20 Cobra Demo sucks, its to slow, i thought it was a joke, the big 
      light was defjams demo, that one rulez really!!!!!

2:25  Well, the compation seems to exhausts erverybody here! All hangin 
      around like smashed even some entries had been so absoluty
      amazing!!!
      Yes its my first time here and maybe it will be a next time further.

02.35 Maybe if you dropped your knickers in the Wild Compo Felice, you
		could win it!

		I love to be controversial, and loved the Cobra demo! Not many
		people nake the effort with such complex 3D objects,even if it
		is slow. What is wrong with getting a CT2 card anyway, the Falcon
		design would have been considerably upgraded (Power PC chip and 
		more) by now if there still was official support for it. And demo 
		coders would be happy to go along with it too! CT2 won't be for 
		everyone,and people should do the best with their existing hardware 
		first, but six years to upgrade the hardware is a good long time in 
		anybodies book. Why not make a demo that uses it?

		Wild compo was generally cool too.

		CiH, who thought the Checkpoint demo *ROCKED!*

2:52  Just tried to get some sleep but couldnt because of some heavy
 		snooring by Evl :)  Well, who cares, I don't mind staying up the 
 		last few hours of this great party. Cya!
 		/Thomas

3:20	We can now trash our old demos on ST, the demos presented at the EIL
		simply kills !

4:19 3 days in the same socks, in the same t-shirt and in the same
     everything..  awful..    505

5:41 Swapping some hot WaReZ(!) [demos/gfx entries] with MC Laser... 
     everyone is sleeping... except us and Mrpink!!! and of course 505!!!

     MSG.

6:30 Liar msg ! I'm not sleeping too ! Yeaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! hehehe ! Well, 
     st demos rulez at the eil ! Ca tue a fond !!!!!!!! TRASH YOUR OLD 
     DEMOS (even NOSTALGIC-O demo) and c'mon at the EIL 2000 with the TRUE 
     scene ! (thx 505 for this GREAT ATARI PARTY)

     The guy in a lazy group and sleeping coders .... (you don't know who 
     I am :).

     personnal message to msg : yeeeeeaaaaahhhhhhhhh !!!!!! :) huhuhuhu !


7:40 G'd morning; mOdmate


8:30 WINNING CEREMONY IS OVER... very interesting results btw... my 
     congrats to the winners, and "loosers" too, but hey... there isn't a
     looser around, we all were here and that is what counts... moondog

9:00 .....yes... the party is over ;)
	  I'm very glad, that i have decided to come to this party!
	  It was really nice: Nice people and an nice athmosphere..
	  
	  VERY SPECIAL THANKS TO ESCAPE AND CHECKPOINT FOR ORGANISING THIS EVENT!
	  
	  ..and of couse for their friends for their support (hello Antje ;) !
	  
	  CU in IRC #atariscne  ===>Shifter 	
	  
	  
9:?? Everybody is going to leave and we also have to go now. It was a very
     brilliant convention with fucking cool releases and very nice people
     from all over europe who still fighting for atari! See you all in
     #atariscne or maybe next year (EIL 2K??? Nils?). Bye.
     
     MC Laser/tSCc^PoD
     
9:03 Hum... so what's left? Some good demos for my ST, I think they will
     burn his old chips away, wow! FLIP-O looks outdated like hell now...
     since 5... no 6 years it was ruling every charts and now... all turned
     into dust, killed by bumpmappers, tunnels and stuff, just great! It
     seems as the ST isn't at his end so far, as so many people announced
     so often in the past times (just like Delta Force and so on). Hmmm, I
     hope the Falcon-scene will make a comparable big comeback this year,
     because I need some stuff to feed my new falcy too, eh?! =)
     moondog is signing off for the moment...
     
9:05 Party was very good. ST demos were good - Falcon demos hmm..? Power
		of tunnels :))))))) I didn't see demo without tunnel (only NoCrew's 
		demo (?)). My opinion about party:
	
	+ good organization
	+ good German's beer ;)
	+ fantastic atmosphere
	+ suprises like breakfasts
	- (not too) Big Screen
	- not too big room with Big Screen (not enought places for every people)
	
	OK. It's time for me.CU next party !!!
	
														MacGyver/AIDS
														
													
9:45 Hmmm... seems to be leaving time... I'm sitting nearly alone in the
     "mainhall" now, hua... I'm feeling alone... this sucks... have to search
     for some other survivors, just like STsurvivors... bye, moondog
     
09.47 Is this my last time on this Realtime? Have to see? I would sum up
		by saying that this was probably the best party of recent times,
		certainly the best that I've been to, and with some of the greatest
		demo releases from recent times, even if the Falcon demos were
		plagued by technical glitches. I'd love to see what happens next year!
		
		CiH, for the last time?
		
10:10 Ok, I have to take it to my hands to finish this article... was a nice
      event, thanx to Checkpoint and Escape for having the motivation and
      encouragement to organize such a great event! It was the best party
      since the Fried Bits 3 for me (had left out the SiliCon... I'm a lamer)
      and I don't regret it that I was here... nice people, nice releases,
      nice location... but not so nice prices (except the Centurbo card)...
      anyway, it would be great to have such a great party again next year!
      So Dresden-Posse, go ahead and take the encourage to organize a second
      edition next year! It would be really great, because we don't meet
      because of prices but because of Atari and friendship I think...
      
      moondog is signing off...
      
10:15 TheMatch/FUN...

		I'm so sleepy I feel like could sleep 4 a week or 2.
		It has been great and I can only hope that there will be a error in
		line 2 following ;).
		
		When I'm home I think I will KISS my bed and unplug my alarm-clock.
		But first I wait in the car during the trip home for 8 hours or more.
		All I can say is... Stay cool Stay ATARI!!!   Cu on #atari !!
		bye.
		
10:31 so, he musze powiedziec ze party bylo zjebane. kurwa!	organizatorzy
      nie potrafili obslugiwac rzutnika... a atarowcy 'scenowcy' to banda
      lamerow wyruchajcie w dupe tego waszego evila!
      
10:33 No wiec party dobieglo juz konca, w ogolnym spojrzeniu bylo bardzo 
      dobrze ale niestety ludzie ze sceny atari maja jakies pojebane gusta,
      tunele, tunele i tunele... Poprostu zwykle jebane animacje!
      nienapisze nic po nie naszemu bo i tak mozna  gadac do slupa...
         
                                                       vulgar/cobra
10.41 12 godzin jazdy na EIL nie bylo stracone, choc wszyscy liczylismy na 
      nasze produkcje..... i to ze pierwsze CT2 przyjedzie do Polski wlasnie 
      teraz... Virtual LIght Machine na f030 jest COOL ! Dobrze ze ktos cos 
      takiego napisal...
      Ogolnie rzecz biorac bylo o co walczyc i bylo z kim walczyc :/
                                          
                                                    kosmy
                                                    
10:49 We have to change the language again, hehe... the tnb-posse is leaving
      the place now, it was great fun to met a party again with those mutants,
      the first time since 1995 (fried bits 3), even the old musicians-posse
      was there... ok, in half (because the over-spalters, Gerald & Gary were
      not here, spending their time with cd-burners and in churches, begging
      for the cross...) but anyway, it was the first time since one year or
      so I think...  btw, flash the damn Manta-driver don't spent this night
      with me, hu! I'm very angry about this fact, he wanted to do it with
      drizzt I think, hell, I'm lucky to be no member of this band anymore,
      it would be hard for me to see him every day or night without the
      possibility to touch him, sniff    ;)
      anyway (again) nice people, nice party, see you again!

11:00 Hey, FUN & TNH at the keys. We all agree this was a fucking great
      party!! Many releases! No PC lamers (fuck quake), only active creative
      people. Very great stuff, senseless discussions, pizza, coke and
      frikandellen too! =) We want the next party like this too!!!!!

      Tinker's story: A very tragic story about how a fly spent 1/2 of his
      life being stuck to a monitor. TNH held a convention back in '97. It was
      the bloody hot summer coding convention held in Winschoten. They were
      still at it in the middle of the night and meanwhile they opened the
      window to cool off a bit. Ze zaten ook maar te ruften en te doen dus
      dat raam open kon wel eens helpen!
      Suddenly they saw little flies coming in. They came in through the open
      window. They had a highly static monitor (i.e. A TV!!) and it occured
      to them the flies were attracted by the monitor. Actually they kinda
      stuck to the TV.
      And also they thought you could do a sort of performance. A great
      tragedy (or comedy, depends on how sick you are =)).
      They switched the TV on and off and on and off. Everytime when the fly
      was sucked onto the screen by the static stuff. And just when it was
      about to get away they turned the TV on again!! Life is cruel! They
      kept this up for 8 hours in a row....
      
      The End
      
11:09 Havoc here. We're about to leave, and I sure hope those lame dudesÑ
      called FearX, Stinker and Snatch will have our stuff packed soon.
      Sorry that I havenÑt written anz lines before, but I was just wawsnÑt
      up to it ;-)
      Onlz thing left to sazô
      This partz fucking ruled! I want to order tickets for next zear NOW!!!
      
      cu l8er, and thabnks for the appreciation of our work :)))
      
      
 11:15 St survivor on his way back home, this was the * BEST * pary I have 
       attended over the last 5 years. Active freaks rule !!!!!  
        
       It was a real friendly party with loads of cool guys (we'll meet on
       #atariscne for sure !!!)
       
       Oh and btw some Frenchies are planning a nice party too, called Central
       Party. It will be held in october or november (can't tell precisely now)
       and we expect the presence of many of you so stqy tuned for îore info !
       
       Intel Outside !
                            Friendship inside ! Forever  !   SEee ya
                            
                            
11.20 CiH leaving the house at 11.30, this *is* my last word from the party

		Byeeee!

11.21 Need to sleeeeeep, I am very glad and happy that the ppl did enjoy		
		this party, hope we see us in the Netherlands this summer...
		Spion
		
11:33 Yep! we did! The only thing which sucks is to fill up my car with my
      computers and take them back to my flat, arg! Shit! I don't understand
      why I grabbed all my computerstuff at home, packed it into my car and
      was driving 2oo km to take it to a party for 4 days, grabbing the whole
      stuff again and taking it back to my home... must be some kind of
      fanatism, eh?! moondog
      
11:55	Peace is returning to this room for the first time in I don't know
		when ! It has been generally a cool party, and I hope to see some
		people again at the forthcoming PMP party at the end of July. We shall
		have to make sure we get ourselves some women this time and make sure
		also that they are entered into the wild compo (doing ...... well, I
		guess that is up to you but it could well involve the removal of certain
		parts of clothing !! :)
		
		Take care guys, se you all again soon.
		
		Signing off,
		
		Felice.
		
11:40 Still some record to break? Will I manage it?! Still about 5oo lines to
      go to reach the Maggie article... hum... but he? Competition is over,
      party is over, maybe the maggie war is over too?! Hehe... anyway, how
      we say in Germany: Klingeln gehîrt zum GeschÑft! (means something like
      Noises belong to the business...) ;) 
      Ok, dunno when I find the motivation to finish the UCM 15 to get you
      all pleased with this article, hopefully in this millenium. I have to
      kick my ass, and Herr Schneider, Seb, the Panzerbeat-Man will do so too
      I hope, maybe it will bring some fruits?! We'll see.
      I have to hurry up, my car is still to fill with computers (wow, I was
      coming over with 3 machines and leaving the party with four! Wow! Can
      my car carry this all?!) and this is still a sucky thing. But I have to
      hold up the flag of the UCM posse... But I can't hide the fact that
      the end isn't far away anymore... Shit! I want to kick the 12oo line!
      Ok, another one to go! I'm so tired, arg! Btw... it sounds as some
      still drunken polish people are laughing in the background, too much
      beer and vodka last night, eh?! ;)  I'm a bit sorry that I couldn't
      drink as much as I wanted, anyway, I killed my own beer-bottles and a
      bottle of wine too, this is enough for one weekend I think... but I
      have to do it, because I need some training, hehe...
      Ok, smashed through the 12oo line! I can't believe it! hehe....
      
      Maybe this is the last thing I have to write, if not another one will
      go on for me.... if yes, good! if not... see you later again!
      
      Well there are still some ppl here, but they don't look like
      chummers who wanne write big articles in here.
      
11:55 Ok, it's time to break up the whole things, it's getting senseless
      now I think.
      
      
                         OK! SEE YOU ALL ON THE NEXT PARTY OR AT LEAST
                                ON THE NEXT EIL IN 2OOO maybe?!
                                
                    bye and keep on Atari'ing...
                    
   moondog - ucm posse - poets of decay (or delay, or bombay or whatever!)