 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
       ñRevertantð by òCobrað [ó1999ð] (Falcon) - Error in Line'99 release
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ñRevertantð ... Looking into my dictionary lets me learn that ñrevertantð
means moving backwards, falling back.
If you consider a lot of silly arguments, debates and even insults a way
of being ñrevertantð, this is exactly what this demo did in some way - 
of course without the intention of doing so.
But let's be objective and review the demo first.

This demo was shown the first time on the óError in Line 99ð-party, where
it was a part of the òFalcon-demoð-competition.
Although the rules of the competition forced all producers to release their
entries within 2 weeks, it took this demo more than 6 weeks to be spread.
Nevertheless, it's finally here.
The demo starts with depacking about 40 seconds.
As a demo with style, a few words, probably taken from a poem, are being
brought onto the screen. "ñYou are my angel ... Come from way above ...ð"
"ñto bring me love ... love you love you love you ...ð".
Throughout the fragments of this poem, the music is started by a female
vocal singing a melody.
òCobrað has yet shown a special affection to tunnels and textured objects
and so it's hardly astonishing that the demo starts with a nice ñplasma-ð
ñtunnelð, that moves over the screen. The viewer is moved into the tunnel,
then slowed down, spun around, and moved backwards, then all of a sudden
the movement is reversed and the moving, turning and moving restarts a
few times. The movement is 100% identical all the times, so basically,
the viewer isn't moved a milimeter as a result.
After that, the name of the demo is displayed in a black & white òCobrað-
logo in front of a colourful and moving textured scene, an either textured
or environment-mapped pole with a spiral bent around it, moving upwards
as the viewer is moved around this scenery - Really a lot of textured
polygons on the screen at this time.
The òCobrað-logo is being replaced by the name of demo, ñRevertantð in the
same scene, which is being continually moved.
Time for another scene, don't you think ? Time for ñcreditsð is what the
members of òCobrað must have thought. The ñcreditsð are being brought on
screen in front of a colourful environment mapped star with multiple spikes,
probably inspired by òExað's famous 96k-tro.
The credits are òWinioð and òMayonezð for the coding, òOrbitalð for the
graphics and òGodð for the music. All the credits are in black/white in
front of this environmapped star that is being rotated and all the credits
are presented with a black/white image of a face. It's impossible to make
out any details of the faces as they are not dithered but just plain
black/white but at least the face of the coder does not look like Winio, so
i assume it's just faces. ;-)
Credits are nice, flowers are nicer. The following scene therefore consists
of a ñtextured flowerð on a ñtexturedð floor, surrounded by other ñtexturedð
objects, presumably other kinds of plants. The ñflowerð is obviously the
main attraction of this scene as the virtual camera keeps it in focus all 
the time while it is being turned and moved around the scenery.
I still don't know what ñflowersð have got to do with the picture that is
being showed directly afterwards, displaying a human head with long hair
and a beard to the right with a logo above saying something about "dub",
a small logo saying "No Photoshop" and to the left, we find some 
advertisement of some sort, but it's really useless to make out details
besides the credits of this screen: òOrbitalð.
Back to something that is probably more connected to flowers. The
next object being rotated and moved over the screen is something that
vastly reminds me of a ñmetallic vaseð with 4 legs, a long "neck" and
a thicker "body". Can't really tell if it's ñtexture-ð or ñenvironmentð-
mapped, but it does look metallic with just a shade of blue.
Probably to give themselves some kind of applause, a pair of hands
or gloves, ñtexturedð of course, appear on the screen. The texture of
the hands is a light brown, looks very unhealthy to me. The hands seem
to hold something which looks like a picture or a photo, but most of the
time the hands block the view of what's really on this picture.
If it really is a photo, it surely contains some kind of memory, just like
the next scene does, because the next scene shows a large, bent ñtorusð,
very similar to the one shown in óGeneration Gapð, òCobrað's last demo.
This time, it's larger, more colourful and obviously ñenvironment-mappedð
instead of texture mapped. It doesn't show any remarkable textures except
the bright colours but it does shine.
And with this, the music fades out and the demo ends.

Time for a conclusion.
To begin with the negative parts:
The demo is too large. It requires 5.4 MB of your harddisk - which wouldn't
be that bad if more than 4 MB of those 5.4 weren't occupied by a large
sample, a ñWAVð-sample that is being played for the music.
As far as i could see, the music by òGodð was in óXMð-format and 
incompatible with most ñFalcon-DSP-replayersð and because òWinioð liked it
so much, he wanted to include it though and therefore included it as a 
sample. This is an explanation, but no excuse. There are ways of getting
an ñXMð into a Falcon compatible format and playing a sample in a demo from
1999 is really óveryð  ñrevertantð - a major step back.
The other negative side of this demo is the average speed of the effects
being displayed. While the tunnel at the beginning is moving slowly, but
smoothly, most of the 3D-scenes hardly break the ñ4ð frames a second 
barrier, the flower-scene even stays at around 2-3 frames a second. 
Considering the amount of textured objects on screen simultaneously, this is 
again an explanation, but doesn't alter the facts.

Luckily, the demo also has a lot of positive aspects.
First, the overall design is really excellent. I'm pretty sure, the members
of òCobrað have seen "ñSquareð" by "òPulseð" on the PC, one of the very rare 
PC demos i can remember because i found myself to stupid to understand this 
demo. The style of ñRevertantð and ñSquareð are quite similar, and i don't
mean this in a negative way.
Most of the textured objects - except for maybe the hands - display a good
choice of colours and textures, sometimes a little to rough probably, but
still very good. Especially the choice of colours on the environment shaded
objects, for example the bent torus, is really bright and looking swell.
The 3D objects are very original and innovative as i have never seen these
objects in a Falcon demo so far. Additionally, the resolution of the effects
is relatively high as well.
I consider this very very positive as we have all seen textured cubes and
pyramids enough on the Falcon and that it is really good to see that some
people move beyond that to display very original and unique objects.
Finally, the music of this demo is good as well. The female vocals are 
soothing and sound very comforting, yet òGodð manages to lay weird and
contradicting patterns of synthesizer music under this voice without
harming the impression the vocals create. It's an original and rather unique
style as well, probably not everybody's style, but surely some style not
everybody does.

So what do we get as a result:
Lack of speed and an oversized music file on the "òConsð side, very original
and stylish presentation of textured objects with really a lot of faces on
the ñProð side.
Everyone has to decide for himself, but to me this looks like a good demo.
It doesn't revolutionize the demo-scene of the Falcon, it doesn't make the
Falcon jump into one line with up-to-date Amiga68060 demos, but it is surely
a step forward in Falcon-demo history and i would love to see more demos
from ñCobrað like that ... Probably with óDSPð-support to cut down either 
the size or to speed up the 3D-scenes ? :-)


-----------------------> Rating:
                       <------------- Graphics:  66%
                              <------ Sound:     70%
                                   <- Technical: 72%
                                      Overall:   71% ----------------------->
                                      
                       <------ The Paranoid ------->
                            ---> Paranoia <---      Think you can handle it ?!
