 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     ñSNDPlayer 1.0ð by òozk/ASSEMsoftð and òEvil/DHSð (1998) [óAny STð]
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The òFalconð-owners are blessed with a powerful machine when it comes
to sound. Even òSingleTOSð-users can listen to all kinds of ñmodsð using
the excellent Megaplayer and any kind of ñSIDð using the excellent FlaySID.
But on the ST, the options seemed dull.
ñModð-replay, even on the STE, slows the system down too much and besides
ñmodsð or probably some very old ñX32ð, there wasn't any option of bringing
music to the desktop.

That is odd.
The internet is full of ñYMð-files, music from óAtari STò-games ð or
ò-demosð, which can be played using òPCð-YM players.
So why shouldn't people play them on the Atari where they came from ?

This where the ñSNDPlayerð enters the stage.
In comparison to version ñ0.3ð, the previous version, the whole program
has been rewritten and redesigned. It is -typical for òozkð- 100% GEM
without any tricks. Even its funky layout is an ordinary GEM-rsc-file.

ñWhat is an òSND-fileñ ?
òSNDPlayerð plays ñSNDð files, not ñYMðs. In contrast to ñYMðs, ñSNDð-files
are being played directly on the òAtari STð soundchip, the òYM 2149ð, they
are more or less a generalized format of all the òAtarið-soundplayers from
òMad Max, Count Zero, Big Alec, Scavenger, Jessð etc.
In contrast to that, the ñYMð-format saves the state of the (emulated)
óYMð-chip in regular periods of time, so replaying òYMð-files is CPU-time
consuming.
Since this is unnecessary on original òAtarið-computers - they do have
a òYM2149ð and the ò68000ð to feed the soundchip with information, playing
the very compact òSNDð-files is almost done in no CPU-time at all.
Additionally, to create the òSNDð-files you can use the ripped music from
the ñgamesð or ñdemosð they appear in. To collect the òYMð-files you have
to run an emulator and more or less "log" the data that is being written
into the òYMð of the emulation.
Since almost any piece of music ever written on the òSTð has been ripped
somewhere, you only need to convert them into the more generalized òSNDð-
format. Not a simple task sometimes, but possible.

ñThe basic function of the SNDPlayerð
The òSNDPlayerð looks and works like a ñCD-ð or ñModð-player.
It has a ñstop, pause, play, eject, fast forwardð button and a ñ+ð and ñ-ð
key to select the track to play.
With ñejectð you load a file, òSNDPlayerð then displays the number of
"tracks" available in this file, its memory usage, its name, author, ripper
and converter. Pressing the ñPlayð button will start replay, ñStopð will
stop the replay, pressing ñPauseð once will pause the replay, pressing
ñPauseð again will continue replay.
The ñforwardð button doubles the speed of replay as long as the button
is pressed. The ñ+ð-button jumps to the next track in the list, the ñ-ð
button goes back one track.
Additionally, you have a ñtimerð that keeps track of the time the current
track is being played as well as the overall time òSNDPlayerð has been
active.
There is also a ñcloseð button which closes the window under ñSingleð-TOS
and terminates the òSNDPlayerð under a multitasking environment. A ñreduceð-
button reduces the òSNDPlayerð-window to the title-bar and an ñaboutð-button
opens an additional window that displays the credits.

ñPros and Cons of the SND-formatð
The ñSNDð-format has been explored and developed by ñBDCannibalð of òAurað
and he also has a lot of ñSND-filesð on his homepage as well as a simple
replayer, the ñMadplay.ttpð.
Since òSNDPlayer 0.3ð the format has been slightly changed and the files
the òSNDPlayer 0.3ð refused to play are now being played by the version 1.0
without any major problems.
Playing an ñSNDñ-file uses only very little memory - up to 200kb including
the òSNDPlayerð and a LARGE SND-file - normally its more modest.
It is also very modest when it comes to CPU-time. Usually, playing an ñSNDð-
file takes less than 1% CPU-time, even on simple òSTðs.
Yet almost all famous tunes by almost all famous composers can be replayed
using òSNDPlayerð on almost any Atari compatible system, no matter, what
Atari you run on what monitor at what speed.
Of course it has its disadvantages as well.
Whoever tried to run a game on the SM124 knows what i'm talking about.
Most - or almost ñanyð - music that sounds good are hooked up on the VBL.
The VBL is executed 50 times a second on RGB monitors, but not on the
SM 124 or VGA-monitors for òFalconð and òTTð-users. Music-files that are
being synchronized by the VBL usually are not being replayed with the
correct speed or even crash.
The whole idea of òSNDð takes 2 approaches at once to this:
- The replayer is being modified and hooked up a programmed òMFPð-interrupt
  instead of the VBL
- The replayer tries to check if the music uses the VBL on startup and
  prevents the system from crashing.

The first approach is a general one, but some tunes, for example tunes that
use ñDigidrumsð and tunes from Scavenger and Jess and almost any tune from
Tao do not allow being hooked up on the òMFPð easily - they remain unpatched
and can only be played using a 50 Hz Monitor.
The second approach has been implemented into the òSNDPlayer 1.0ð and
usually aborts the replay before the System crashes. The Player window
has an extra ñVBLð-line for this, which reports if the VBL is being used
or not. In case you replay a tune that does, òSNDPlayerð usually aborts
saying "What ? No crash ?" - Pressing the play button again will start the
tune though, but you can't say you haven't been warned.

Both approaches are not perfect, but considering the amount of players
and editors used from Mad Max, Big Alec, An Cool, Jess, Tao, Scavenger
etc. and the game-musicians Dave Whittaker, Ben Daglish etc., it's
obvious that it is impossible to control all the parameters.
Seeing this, òSNDPlayerð does a pretty good job. ñOzkð offers a file
for download which only features "patched" ñSNDð-files that can be
replayed on almost ANY Atari ANYWHERE.

ñSNDPlayer in everyday lifeð
òSNDPlayerð looks good and is functional. It uses very little memory and
can be started as an óACCð for òSingleTOSð.
It does exactly what it is supposed to do, play music on every òAtarið
anytime anywhere.
It really does a great job there. A simple 1040 STf is already enough to
play those fantastic Mad Max-tunes again, and a TT or a Falcon isn't even
better there.
And who doesn't like all the famous tunes from the famous games or demos.
Big Alec's remix of the Sanxion-Loader. Jess' Do you speak russian ?.
Mad Max' Chambers of Shaolin music. Count Zero's Gigadist-music.
Music from the games 9 lives, Bubble Bobble, Blood Money, Killing game
show, Grand Monaco Grand Prix, Live and Let die ...
The list is endless, and òSNDPlayerð finally allows even a 1040 STf
user to play them on the desktop, uncomplicated, easy.

To put it in a nutshell:
òSNDPlayer 1.0ð is superb.

ñConsð
Of course òSNDPlayerð has a few disadvantages, too.
First of all, some tunes just don't run and even the òSNDPlayerð can't
prevent the system from crashing. I hardly wonder about this, the
advanced players like the ones from Tao or Scavenger are not suitable
to run them on the desktop, independant of the VBL. Usually, those
replayers were intended to be used in SuperVisor mode with almost a
complete computer at their disposal, not on the desktop with limited
possibilities and even no VBL to use.
Those tunes just can not be played on the desktop.
Besides, ñozkð offers a package with a lot of music files that do run
on the Falcon, the TT without using the VBL - and this package already
contains most files from most of the popular chipmusicians on the òSTð - 
unfortunately not from ñTao or Scavyñ, but like i said above, their ñPSIDð-
player is not suitable for this way of replay.

Second, òSNDPlayerð has some problems with some harddisk-drivers.
It sometimes hangs up HuSHi and especially the òFalcon IDEð disk suffers
badly from some tunes - The Falcon likes to hang up when playing tunes from
Count Zero or Jess and accessing the IDE drive at the same time.
Again, i hardly wonder. Whoever tried to play a game on the Falcon using
ñBackwardð knows that the IDE port is exactly where some of the typical
music-replayers seemed to be accessing - IDE disk malfunctions were quite
common. It is again obvious that the òSNDPlayerð tries to ditch that but
can't eliminate the problem completely.

Finally, if you run òSNDPlayerð as an Accessory on ñSingleTOSð, it
opens on system-startup. ñozkð didn't implement the "Am i an ACC"-request
on startup so it is being started automatically. This however is just
cosmetical. òSNDPlayerð works fine on ñSingleTOSð, too and the window
allows to be closed and opened again without interrupting replay.
However, in contrast to ñMegaPlayerð or ñFlaySIDð, the replay of the
òSNDPlayerð stops as soon as you start another program - òSNDPlayerð can
therefore only be started from within a running program, like a 
wordprocessor or a graphics package, but not before starting this program.
This has to do with reserving memory.
Well, since i seem to be the last one who adores ñSingleTOSð, i guess
this really is a minor problem for a minority.

ñConclusionð
òSNDPlayerð is one hell of a small utility. It brightens up your desktop,
it's more fun to work with a tune from the good old òYM2149ð, it costs
almost no memory and no CPU-time, how much better can it get ?
While typing this article, i have been listening to several tunes from
Mad Max, Count Zero and Jess and i love them all.
I wouldn't want to miss òSNDPlayerð anymore.

A really great program for any Atari user.



-------------------------------> The Paranoid
                                 Paranoia
                                 The Lunatic Asylum <------------------------
