ñSnowstormð by the òReservoir Godsð [1998/99] (óFalconð)

Do they know it's christmas time ?
Obviously, Atari sceners should have known this year. With a little
silly Christmas-intro by the òBoostersð, òReservoir Godsð and even
òParanoiað - and more or less a christmas editition of the ñUCMð -
the Atari scene has seen more christmas productions this years than
ever before.

Let's take a look at the òReservoir Godsð production ñSnowstormð.
If one recalls 1997, the òReservoir Godsð team released a small, but
cute Christmas-intro at that time already.
And since the gods seem to like tradition, they did something similar
in 1998. Although a bit late, this intro is supposed to spread "óChristmasð"-
feeling.
The intro is a very old-school one. It features an ñ8 x 8 pixel scrollerð
on the lower part of the screen greeting a lot of people and wishing
everyone a nice christmas and a happy new year.
There is music being played, actually quite christmas-style music and
a lot of snow moves on the screen.
In contrast to òParanoia'sð intro, the snow moves in several directions,
sometimes even towards the viewer, sometimes even away from the viewer.
The snowflakes are being zoomed when they approach.
In between, when the "snowstorm" moved off screen, some pictures are
being brought onto the screen with cool "ñappearð" effects, like the
picture is being painted on the screen with a large paintbrush moving
back and forth on the screen.
The pictures themselves seem to be scanned or reproduced from christmas-
cards or even the classic christmas-calendars.
The picture then dissappears and makes room for more snow.

In comparison to the òx-mas-troð from 1997, òSnowstormð is a major step
forward in design. Although the ò1997ð intro was cute, this one looks a
lot better.
It serves its function of spreading christmas greetings very well and
the ñnice musicð and the ñnice graphicsð keep you watching for quite
a while. The snow-effect is not overwhelming but a lot better than the
effects featured by the òParanoia X-mas-gagð - and even bug-free.

If you see this intro as a "real" intro, you'll be dissappointed for sure.
But this isn't a real intro that is supposed to generate astonishing 
effects.
It is an intro that is supposed to wish people a nice christmas and to
fill you with joy.
And this is exactly what ñSnowstormð does.
A really good christmas-greetings-intro.

----------->  Rating:
                     Graphics: 54%
                                  Sound: 61%
                                            Overall: 71% <---------------
            <--- The rating is for a christmas-intro ---->
                     not for an intro based on FX
                     
      <------- The Paranoid ------- Paranoia ---- The Lunatic Asylum ----->
