AT THE MOVIES
~DUST.FIL~
Beethoven's 2nd...

A few days ago I went to the movies with a very good friend.
At that day they where showing a couple of movies, and one of them
was called "Beethoven's 2nd." I had seen some commercials on 
television about the movie, and when my friend told me that she
would like to see this film, I was very thrilled.

About the movie...

The movie is all about a dog called Beethoven. Beethoven is a very
lazy saint Bernard with a mind of his own. 

As Beethoven is walking through the park he sees love all around 
him, and he get's a bit dissapointed when he realizes he doesn't have
a girlfriend. Just when he is observing the local waters in the park
he discovers a female dog of his own kind. As in every good movie it
is love at first sight. 

At first he has little trouble getting contact with the female dog, 
but when they get to know each other, and licking ice-cream's which
were bought by the owner of the female dog, the bad person is 
exposed to the viewer.

This bad person can be found in a very wicked woman ho is in 
divorce with the poor owner of the dog. She want's all his money,
but he has nothing. So to force him to pay she arranged a court-order
to pick up his dog. She hates the dog, but he loves it, and would do
anything to get the dog back. 

So when our love-couple are roughly parted from each other, Beethoven
decides to follow his beloved. When arrived at the huge appartment
Beethoven and his girlfriend escape without the "baddies" knowing it.

While they are wondering through the city, and they are getting to 
know eachother better, things are not so great at Beethoven's home.
The family is in a very thight position, and are going dire straights.

The father of the house is trying to get a lone for a product he want's
to dump on the market. He needs money for advertisements and that 
sort of stuff. He get's the lone, but if the product flops they will
loose everything.  Dad doesn't want that, and start working his butt of.

While dad is doing his utmost best to save the family from financial 
troubles Beethoven is going much more often to his girlfriend.
The two youngest children of the family are starting an official 
investigation concerning the dog. They discover that Beethoven and 
Missy (Beethoven's girlfriend) have some puppies. And when Missy
is taken away from the young family, the children achieve in 
stealing the puppies, and bring them back to their house. 

By that time the "wicked ones" accidently hear that these puppies
are worth fortunes, and they go raving mad when they find out that
they are gone. by this time dad is almost going mad from all his work,
and he arranges a small vacaction with the family in the mountains.
He now accidently discovers one of the puppies which where taken care
of by the three children in the family. 
After a small family discussion dad reckons he is helpless, and they
decide to keep the puppies. 

When the family is on vacation in the mountains, the viewer is exposed
to the fact that the mean-people are also in the mountains. 
On a family-fair Beethoven and his boss win an eating contest with
ease. (Eating is the only thing Beethoven does best) But then the 
"Baddies" show up, they steal the puppies, and the family goes into 
persuit. When arrived at the expensive Mercedes the baddies disover
that Beethoven and his girlfriend are re-united, and have left the 
place. 

The baddies decide to let the puppies search their parents. not knowing
that they are chased by the Beethoven's family. After a long walk
with lots of troubles the puppies find their mom and dad, and after a
few minutes the baddies arrive too. And just when they want to go home
with all the dogs, Beethoven's family arrive. Just in time, and after
small struggle the baddies are defeated, and the goodies take every
thing.

Missy and her owner visit Beethoven's family very often, and the 
pupies are now grown. 


Final Conclusions...

All in all a very good movie with loads of humor. The dog isn't very
special, and that's what is making it a good movie. If you have a 
dog of your own you'll see some very familiar things in this dog, 
it's just the timing of all the events which makes it very funny.

It has a good storie, and it's certainly one of the best movies on
dogs which I have seen. The only thing I can say about it anymore is
go out, and see this movie, especially when you have a dog of your own.


Well, that's it for this time, 


O.T.M. out...

P.S. M.E.T.H. rulez..., as does coke, Atari, Ford, Martial Arts, comedy,
Butt-head, coding, The Prodigee, Break-beat, and a drivers-license!!!
~GREYBLEU.PAL~
