VIDEO REVIEWS 2
       ~BIRD.BLK~

 'Silence is a friend who 
  never will betray you' 

  Confucius









 
                                                            
                           
                           
 
                                   MAGNETIC PARTICLES DECODED 
                                            by Slimer 
 
Title        : Demolition man 
Genre        : SF Action 
Playing Time : 110 minutes 
 
This movie has basically a good guy chases bad guy scenario 
playing in a future time. John Spartan (Sylvester Stallone) 
is somekind of soldier that has to free a couple of 
hijacked buspassengers held by spycho-maniac Simon 
Phoenix(Wesley Snipes). The whole rescue operation blows up 
(literally)and all the passengers are dead. Phoenix gets 
arrested and Spartan gets the blame for the dead of the 
hostages. 
 
Both men are sentenced to be frozen in for a long period of 
time. The story continues in the year 2032 when Phoenix is 
brought to trail again and (ofcourse) escapes ! The police 
doesn't know how to deal with such a violent criminal as 
they haven't had any crime in years. Several cops get 
brutally killed and that leaves no other choice than to 
thaw John Sparta. Needless to say that from that moment on 
all hell breaks lose. He gets help from a female cop 
called Lenina Huxley (Sandra Bullock)in his quest to 
eliminate Phoenix. 
 
There is much more in this movie but it won't be any fun 
when I told you everything, now would it !? You can compare 
the movie a bit with 'Total Recall' from Arny. The movie 
also contains much humour, so there is also plenty to laugh 
about. I was a bit disappointed however about the lack of 
bedscenes (i.e. sexscenes)between Sly and Sandra but I 
guess you can't have it all..... My verdict is: Very high 
recommended ! 
 
------------------------------------------------------------
 
Title        : Hellbound 
Genre        : Action 
Playing Time : 90 minutes 
 
Chuck Norris is back with a new movie in which he plays a 
tough cop (what else did you expect?)by the name of Frank 
Shatter. Shatter and his partner Jackson(Calvin Levels) get 
involved in a series of mysterious murders revolving around 
a scepter. This scepter is divided in 9 pieces held by an 
equal amount of holy men. A messenger of the Devil is 
roaming around to collect all the pieces. This demon by the 
name of Lockley (Christopher Neame) is ruthless and 
extremely violent. He needs this scepter to wake up his 
creepy master but he cannot do this without some royal 
blood. Shatter and Jackson must stop him before he 
succeeds! 
 
I must say that this story reminds me of another movie in 
which Satans bible was the subject of bloodshed. Somehow it 
seems to be hard to create an original filmscript these 
days. Anyway Christopher Neame plays a convincing demon 
that could have been even better with a touch of extra 
special effects. Chucky was as usual playing the tough and 
silent cop, a role that is hard to mess up. It was that dude 
Calvin Levels who irritated me throughout the movie. I'm 
still not sure how he managed to do that !  Nevertheless 
its worth checking it out.... 
 
------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
LIST OF HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VIDEOS, 
 
------
ACTION
------ 
 
Cliffhanger    (with Sylvester Stallone and John Lithgow) 
 
Death Wish V        (with Charles Bronson) 
 
Firm, The           (with Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman and  
                     Holly Hunter) 
 
Fortress            (with Christopher Lambert and  
                     Loryn Locklin) 
 
Fugitive, The       (with Harrison Ford and  
                     Tommy Lee Jones) 
 
In The Line of Fire (with Clint Eastwood and  
                     John Malkovich) 
 
Jurrasic Park       (with Jeff Goldblum, Sam Neill and  
                     Laura Dern) 
 
Last Action Hero    (with Arnold Schwarzenegger and  
                     Austin O'Brein) 
 
Lethal Weapon 3     (with Mel Gibson and Danny Glover) 
 
Nowhere To Run      (with Jean-Claude van Damme) 
 
Universal Soldier   (with Jean-Claude van Damme and  
                     Dolph Lundgren) 
 
------
HORROR
------ 
 
Cape Fear           (with Robert de Niro) 
 
Friday the 13th part IX:  
Jason goes to hell  (with Jason (Donevan))<Grin> 
 
The Stand           (by Stephen King) 
Ticks               (with Rosalind Allen and Ami Dolenz) 
Vanishing, The      (with Jeff Bridges and  
                     Kiefer Sutherland) 
 
-----
Humor
----- 
 
Groundhog Day       (with Bill Muray and Andie McDowell) 
Home Alone 2        (with Macaulay Culkin and Joe Pesci) 
Hot Shots 2         (with Charlie Sheen and  
                     Valerlie Golino) 
 
---------------
Science Fiction
--------------- 
 
Startrek, Deep Space Nini 
 
-------
OVERALL
------- 
 
Indecent Proposal   (with Demi Moore, Woody Harrelson and 
                     Robert Redford) 

