B.A.T. II

B.A.T. II, the story continues,

The one that has a monopoly position and it shamless abuses should
be worth a closer look. And if that person uses crimenal force to
do so, one should set the record straight.

In the 22 century that is also the opinion of B.A.T., the new force 
protects law and order in the galaxy. The Koshan Concern made itself
very inpopulair on the planet Shedishan. It has a monoploy on the
Metall Echiaton 21 and protects this with all means, they even kill
you if you try to touch there position. So B.A.T. sends Jehan Menasis 
to Shedishan to set the record straight with Koshan.
But that proves not to be easy at all, first of all you will have to
take care of you own equipment and try to find out information about
your fellow companions. And because of the fact the the Koshan will do
every thing to prefend that Jehan has his hands full. After several
shopping and breaking in tours on Shedishan he also has to deal with
mine-ing corperations and will battle in jailarena's against Technoglads
but he will also will have to try to get emperor on Shedisan.

B.A.T. II looks very much an adventure but more others aspects can be
seen throught the whole game. Because of the fact that battles can't
be avoid, our agent must eat and his companions tell what to do rol-
players will have here a nice game to. Even simulation freaks will have
there piece of the cake, there a five different verhicles to be used and
all with there own way of control. Furthermore there are 3 fruit machines
on which Jehan could try his luck.

Seeing and hearing all this it seems the UBI Soft has made a very good
version of B.A.T.II, a complex adventure world in which you could be
held prisenor for severeal hours. The programm technixs are very good
the comic look-a-like grafhix are great. The controls, well you will have
to get used to them a bit, but okay. But once you have managed that you
will have a big adventure waiting for you...

                                        Bonus Software


