ELITE II

Elite II, the new generation...

Yes well, everybody knows Elite. Made by David Braben. The best game
for ages, traveling from planets to planets through starfields, and
across the infinite space and trading. Shooting pirates or be one,just
the best game you could get in that type of games. There was only
one big lack, it didn't look very great. Okay, at the beginning it had
some nice effects but the conversion to the ST was that great (gfx that
is). And we all were waiting for a next version of this  great game...

So here is the good news, it's coming !!!! Elite II is a fact the first
screen shots are displayed already. 

One thing is already for sure. The graphixs are much much better than in
Elite I. Big planets on screen in many colors, very nice starfield maps
to get lost in. Because, before you can start you will have to find
your way in them. You must now even consider mass and temperature of
some of the stars, so it sound very difficult to me !!!. On the planet
Earth you can choose some of the big cities to go to and even see the
famous sight seeings like the Big Ben or the Eiffeltower. You should
also be able to travel to different cities over the planet but David
is still experimenting with different means of transport to do so. The
last thing that was seen was a kind of hovercraft and that look rather
nice.
You can, that is if you want, stay the whole time in one solarsystem if
you don't want to travel across the big space. But if you want to do
something else like selling and buying, for example piracy then watch 
your steps !!!!. In Elite I nobody was intrested if you were a pirat
but in Elite II you will have to be very careful or else someone might
give you in to the Space Police. So what you are doing has big effects
in the rest of the story you are playing. 

Elite II has more adventure elements. If you dock your spacecraft you
can buy some of the local news papers and try to find the best deal you
want to make for yourself. The menu is very easy to use, just a klick
on one of the buttons and there it is the info you need. Flying around
is easy but blasting someone out of the sky seems to be some what more
tricky. The best thing about all this is that the docking procedure
is much more easier now, thanx david that was really nessesary !!.

The official release date isn't set yet but as sson as we know more
we will tell you...

                                                Bonus Software.
 
