LEGENDS OF VALOUR

Legends of Valour, or just bigger dungeons ahead...

No more jumping and jurking graphix and large 90 degrees turn as
you play. New high tech heroes wander through new 3d adventures.
What can be done now-a-days shows Origin with the spectakular serie's
Underworlds. Another good example of smooth play is Kevin Bulmer. He
first atempt in this direction was Corporation. Playabilty of this game
was very low,we all know that fact, but it showed what could be done
in the 3d direction of games.

Bulmers newest softwareinvention is from a new standaard. The new game
will be released on the U.S.Gold label. Legends of Valour will surve us
very smooth 3d scrolling dungeons and even fresh air as we go out in 
the fantasy village Mitteldorf. Thats the place our adventure will start
as a hero. You can start as a human, dwarf or even an elf, choose from
being male or female or even your body like thin, normal or even fat...
And ofcourse then rest isn't missing like strenght, health, power, etc
Just with a small amount of cash and some small goodies you will have
to start in the small village, and ofcourse you will be in trouble before
you even had a change to twinker with your eyes. And as told before you 
will see fields, forests, meadows and lots of more srolling in all kinds
of ways. In the small village you can enter every house upon two stores 
high or get pleasure from very nice trees and cloudy skies that slide by.
At night you can even see the stars and the torches light the streets.

Well after all this sight seeing we could visit the local inn to order
a bugburger, take a bit of sleep or even listen to story of some completly
drunken monsters. The complet dialog can be controled by menus.

Unfortunaly not all the well animatedbit map monsters in Legends of
Valour are that friendly. No questions asked, just bring out the fighter
in you and smash him on the head. Just as in Ultima Underworlds you see
youself using a weapon or just your plain empty fists on screen and the
mouse controled fight can begin. 
If you don't like the fighting in the game and just play it for the puzzle
then the computer can take over the fighting bit for you. But you it 
could turn out for you in a big disapointment cause the fight might not
end in your favour. But smart people could also try to use some magic to
eliminate those wicked monsters. You can get some magic lessons in two
gilden of magic. Priester spells can be obtained in the tempel in traid 
of a small gift. 
The floor you are walking on is full of holes, lika a cheese for example
like sewers, cellars, caves and lots of more, even so much the even the
best boy scout could get lost. But do not dispair, the programmers of this
very nice piece of software supplied you with a auto mapper option so
you won't get lost right away.

Well the preview has been seen now we can just wait and see what's coming
in the next few months...


                                                Bonus Software
 
