FALCON SOFTWARE


        SOFTWARE FOR THE NEW FALCON COMPUTERS by Slimer of the D.B.A.
        -------------------------------------------------------------

I'm very happy to read and hear about new software that gets developed for
the new Falcon 32 bit computers.
At the moment there several software compagnies updating their old programs.
There is a big change that you get to see a lot of your old favourite programs
in a new outfit and ready to use the Falcon features.

A new range of software is/gets developed for the new Falcon, the new software
will range from games till professional software packages.
The first programs will be released at the end of 1992, this could be even
before the computer is actual in the shops for sale.

It looks like Atari wants to do a good job on the Falcon.
Well, they have no choice, if Atari screws up with the Falcon, then they are
history.
Enough of that, lets give a list of some programs that will be released on
the Falcon,


Dragon on a bite by Readysoft.
This another Dragons Lair kind of " game " that hopefully have more gameplay
then the previous ones.

True Paint by Hisoft.
A new art package that will make use of the true color capabilities of the
Falcon.

Devpac 3 by Hisoft.         price: œ 79,95 pounds
The wellknown assembler/debugger package.

Superbase Professional      price: œ 99,95 pounds
Look mommy they even lauch Superbase on the Falcon, lets make an inventory
of all my barby dolls.

Xboot 3                     price œ 34,95 pounds
Some sort of Auto folder manager.

Rampart by Domark
A conversion of the coin-up classic.

Phoenix 512 by Lexicor Software
A graphics package that allowes you to make animations in 512 colours.
This firm are also working on CAD programs and other software like: Prism
Paint.

Intergalactic Development are working on a game that is based on the Jack
the Ripper murders.
It is somekind of murder mystery game in which you play a detective that
must solve the murders ( i presume ).


There is a lot more software but most is already mentioned in issue 6 of
the D.B.A. magazine.
I'm talking about a soundtracker, sample software and demo stuff.
All these info's are taken from several paper magazine's, this way you
get a roundup of all the news without buying 10 magazine's or so !
Well that it, we'll keep you informed.............

