TERMINATOR 2 STORY

The story around Terminator 2

After Twins and Kindergarten Cop Arnold Schwarzenegger returns to 
the real thing again. Terminator 2, the sequel to Terminator, the
film that in 1984 the break trough mend for him. And again lots of
action and violence, but still a bit different. Now in a theater
near you...

90 milion dollars, that what it costs to make Terminator 2, and that
makes it the most expencieve film ever made. Still the most of its 
costs were already gained back even before the premiere had taken 
place. Only the different rights where good for it. The cinemas were
good for 65 milion, the video rights for 10 milion and the television
for about 7 milion dollars. Knowing that only in America the people
almost run the cinema for it, the prediction that the profid that will
be made will be around 1,2 miljard dollars can be truth. And thats
only in America. So there you see again that an expencieve film is a
relatieve saying, and what 7 years of film industrie can change.
Terminator is now a days a SF classic, but in 1984 it was mear a film
of a group wild enthusiastic makers that had nothing to loose.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is now on of the most famous filmactours and 
regisseur James Cameron with a film like Aliens made film history.
Thats why Terminator 2 was likely to cost a big amount of money.
Also playing again in this movie is Linda Hamilton, you know her
probably better from the Bold and the Beautiful, as Sarah.
She lives, in the film, with the knowledge that on 29 of august 1997
3 miljard people will be killed in a nucliar holocaust. In the film she
stays in a clinic cause people thinks she mad. She also knows that her
now 12 year old son John will be the leader of the human resistance
against Skynet. This commandcenter wants to take over the power and
send a terminator to kill John. Its a new compassionless killer, made
from liquid metal, that can take different forms if it wants to. But the
resistance also send a protector, a terminator. His command is to
protect the boy. So this time there a two terminators in this film.
A bad one played by Robert Patrick and a good one played by Arnold
Schwarzenegger. The old T800 model is almost human compared to the
new T1000. He is beginnig to understand a bit of the humans emotions
like crying and laughing and as his friend him tells that it is wrong 
to kill people, he is prepared to deal with that. He now longer kills
people but he aims at the knees, so they now end up in a wheelchair.
The T800 also now can talk, and will probably say more then in part
1 , only 17 lines of text. So somethin really different for Arnie.
That also is for Linda Hamilton, in The Terminator, she was a round
breasted dumb waitres, now she is a commando who escapes from the clinic
and nothing and no one spares to kill the scientist that is responable
for the fatal technical developments. 
The biggest suprise of all is John, played by Edward Furlong. A given 
natur talent that now again is filming for American Heart, were he
is playin a streetkid.
Still, the biggest attraction ot Terminator 2 is the amazing speed of
things to happen. Superfast chases with motorbikes, lories and chopers
there lots of 'em. The are many known tricks used, but as much new
are made to make the viewer ask how it is all possible. So a Terminator 3
will be not very probaly, but the again iy isn't 1997 yet !!!

                                                Bonus Software
  
