DBA MAG 2

                    THE D.B.A. MAGAZINE VS. THE REST,

There are people asking us if there is a magazine war building up.
Well, at the moment the D.B.A. magazine is doing great( not bad after
releasing only one issue ), but that won't be for long.
Groups like, Galtan Six and Delta Force are working hard on there own
magazine, until then our magazine will stay ( one of ) the best around.
We of the D.B.A. are very aware of the fact that there will be some heavy
competition in the future.
Lots of other groups are also releasing magazine's or are working on one,
this is gone be just as with the compil. disks, only the best will rule !

The magazine's of the future will be just like demo's, don't just look at
the graphics of a magazine, but also look at the quality of the information
provided to you.
Don't just listen to the great module sound but also look at the quality of
the text-displayer and if it's easy to use.
If you want only graphics, module music and rasters just go look at a demo.
The best magazine will have a combination of all thinks like, good articles
, usefull info., nice graphics, music and will be easy to use also.

Most people will give a magazine high ratings, coz' it looks good !

Well, lets continu about the future of this magazine, we are not scared of
a little competition.
It will be hard for every group to get better news then the other magazine's.
People who write for the magazine's will get a hard time choosing between
which magazine to write for.
There are only a view people who are sending a lot of articles to these
magazine's and they will be divided in to little groups which only will write
for there own favorit magazine.
This means that every magazine team must write a lot of articles themselfs.
There is another thing, the most famous group will also have the most contacts.
Most times the most famous group is also a good coding crew, so the magazine
will be of high quality( at least the coding skills, GFX and sound ) !!
But if you want to read everything, you probably must read the 4 best
magazine's availeble.

Lets hope that we will be among those 4( I think we will ).

                        Slimer of the D.B.A.


