LIGHT DEMO

                              E605 by LIGHT
                              -------------

This is a new STE-only-demo made  by the STE-only-crew called LIGHT...
The first demo by them was  GCS-LIGHT... That demo was very promising.
Their second demo  was  called  POWER  RISE,  but  it  didn't  make me
happy... I knew that there  were  more  in  these  guys, but they just
hadn't showed it yet...

So, now we've got this E605,  which  is kind of multipart/megademo. It
has only four parts, a little loader  and  no main-menu at all. All of
the screens has tracker-music  playing,  and  the  design is ok... The
codes are old (at least Percy claims so), but there are couple of nice
screens anyway.

The introduction is quite normal. There is a rotating 3D-dot-field and
a typewriter and a module... now it is time to press space!

The second screen is an improved  version  of GCS-light demo. There is
the same picture of planet  bouncing  around,  but  this time it is in
overscan... looks really cool...  In  scroll-texts  you may read about
some stupid German magazines. And again you can press space!

It's 3D! This screen is kind  of 3D-multipart. There is starfield with
a typewriter between various  effects...  the  effects are 3D-bobs and
filled vectors... not amazing, but looks nice. Press space!

This is THE END... First the picture  made by Dr. Death appears to the
screen, and after that the  real  screen  starts  to show up. There is
three one-plane vector  objects  rotating  around  the  screen and the
typewriter shows you the greetings and other that kind of stuff...

In concluson I'd like to  say  exactly  the  same thing that I've said
before: E605 offers  you  some  good-looking  screens  with  some nice
musics. No hard coding, but still this demo is worth the disk where it
is... Get it now!

Production:   E605
Group:       LIGHT
Machine:       STE

Code:          75%
Graphics:      80%
Sound:         70% (Ripping = 20% less)
Overall:       75%


                                                SANDMAN of FLASH 1993


