BEST STE DEMO?


    There is a good chance that  there  will be another review of
    this demo in this STE section, but do I care?  Not at all...

    I shall now provide a lame  description of the GROTESQUE demo
    by OMEGA, yes, it's true, Omega really do release a new demo!

    This is a dance sample based  around  a Front 242 song called
    Punish your machine (now, where  have  I heard that before!),
    the sample is quite nice but  the best thing are the effects,
    they are the best I've  seen  on  any  ST  music demo so far.
    (Better than the Lost Boys acid demo on Ooh crikey..)

    In its simplest form there  are  large  one plane logos, like
    Mtv, Compact disc digital audio, cows, light bulbs, and other
    objects, moving on there  is  the  obligatory  strobe part (a
    short part of which really fucked me  up when I watched it in
    a dark room), and a nice zoom effect that spells Grotesque or
    Omega.  The shortest effect  part  is  a  nice multi coloured
    glenz vectors, these rotate a bit and change shape, they look
    really nice.  Another nice effect  is  the use of silhouettes
    which form short dance animations, these  are shown up by the
    strobe and also some multi  coloured line patterns which move
    around inside the silhouettes.   These  effects (and others I
    forget for the moment) are  usually  combined  so that two or
    three are happening at the  same  time, the overall effect is
    quite mind-blowing.

    Grotesque is one of the best STE demos so far, but it is only
    a dance sample demo so  it's not really original, fortunately
    it is just so  well  presented  that  the lack of originality
    doesn't really matter.  If  you  have  an  STE, you must have
    this demo, if you don't have an STE visit someone who does to
    see this demo, it's bloody excellent!

    As to wether it's the best STE  demo, well, it may not be THE
    best STE demo, but it is one of  the best so far.  In my view
    only this demo, the  Pixel  Twins  Mental Hangover conversion
    and the Cozmic Jam demo by Imagina come even close to showing
    what the STE can  do.   Most  other  demos  (and the few mega
    demos) that  I've  seen  are  "nice",  but  they  are nothing
    -really-, -REALLY- special, (just  having something in stereo
    does not make it special to me),so that you could say "The ST
    could NEVER do that..."

    To me it is a  big  shame  that  now, after more than -three-
    years (yes, THREE  years,  I  got  my  STE  in  the  month of
    december 1989) demos are only  now  starting to come out that
    show what the STE can do, the reason it's such a shame?  In a
    years time (or even less)  every  ST(e) owner that can afford
    one, will own a Falcon, and  then  the  really good STE demos
    will only be seen by a few people...

    Paul H.
