HOWARD'S END P2

~OMEGA.FIL~  ~PURP_RED.PAL~

  "I  feel death tugging at me.  Things are getting out of  control.  Should  I 
notify  the  authorities of...even now,  I can't get myself to write  down  the 
words.  Is  the  ancient Mythos true after all?  And why do the cats  act  thus 
strangely?  Yesterday night I heard the noises intensify,  but now they make it 
almost  completely  impossible for me to think.  There are scratchings  at  the 
door. What creature stands there? Is it"

  At that instant the man must have been distracted,  or startled  mortally  by 
something.  Attached  to the final "t" was a long scratch,  then  nothing.  Had 
these  words been his *very last*?  If so,  who - or *what* - had put back  the 
quill  in the inkpot?  I leafed through the diary,  reading some further  parts 
that  were  all  but  horrible.  Then to the first  page...there  was  a  name. 
Howard...
  Below,  whatever  was there didn't go through great  lengths  disguising  its 
sounds.  I was certain I heard steps,  but they were soft,  as if made by  bare 
feet.  Or furry claws.  My imagination was getting the better of me,  but those 
sounds were real.
  Any  moment,  somehow,  I expected scratchings at the door like the  man  had 
described in his last moments.  This place was too much. Or perhaps there was a 
logical  explanation  that  I  would discover in  the  morning?  That  was  it, 
probably. I had merely got what I had catered for - a house that inspired me to 
write horror stories.
 Behind me there was a bookcase containing various tomes.  Like the diary, they 
were covered with dust.  It was obvious that this room had been left  untouched 
completely,  almost reveredly so.  The books seemed to cover various arcane and 
occult topics.  There was a book about Satanism, even. Had the man been a Satan 
Worshipper  or  had he perhaps,  like me,  just bought the books  for  research 
purposes,  him  being a writer perhaps?  My breath stuck in my throat as I  saw 
among   the  books  a  leather-bound  copy  of  the  book  of  the  Mad   Arab, 
"Necronomicon".  An  intricately shaped pentagram was engraved on  it,  in  the 
colour of silver.  I felt strangely elated but horrified too.  I had rented the 
house previously owned by a person that had The Dread Book! No wonder that this 
house  seemed  to attract its  particularities.  My  previous  rationalisations 
suddenly  seeming trivial.  Perhaps there was truly something going on  in,  or 
around,  this house.  Suddenly,  I remember the clerk's sigh,  the weirdness of 
there being no sound when I had stood outside,  surveying the house.  The total 
lack of people around this place.
 I left the room, cursing at myself for superstitiously scanning the hallway to 
my bedroom for strange appearances.  The sounds continued unabated, crawling up 
the stairs as if alive.  I found myself dashing to the bedroom and slamming the 
door  behind  me.  I didn't heed the cat's scratchings  at  the  door,  frantic 
almost,  that progressed until the morning when I awoke from about half a dozen 
short  sleeps  that had each been haunted by strange noises and  even  stranger 
voices coming from my cellar.
 When the pale sun struck my face, waking me for the final time, the scratching 
had ceased.
  After  refreshing myself I left the bedroom.  The  hallway  seemed  perfectly 
normal now. Had I closed the mysterious room or had it somehow closed itself? I 
couldn't remember, but it was closed nonetheless.
 The cat was nowhere to be seen,  and there wasn't a sound, not even those that 
could penetrate from the outside.  I descended the stairs,  listening to  their 
familiar woody noises.  After making myself some breakfast - it's strange how a 
bite  to  eat can change your outlook on a past night's events -  I  fetched  a 
large bag and went down into the cellar to clean up.
  When  I switched the light a hammer of fright struck up and  down  my  spine, 
making  my ears ring quite literally.  On the floor lay the cat that  had  been 
alive  but few hours before.  Its limbs were extended and nailed to the  floor, 
its  entrails  spilling from a gash in its abdomen.  It hadn't been done  by  a 
knife,  I could see.  The edges of the wound were far too rough, too uneven. It 
must  have  been fangs.  The cat had been dead for  hours,  obviously.  It  was 
already going mouldy,  ants and flies having been at it longer than an hour  at 
least.
 A shiver ran through my entire being. What had made those scratching noises at 
my door up to the early morning dusk?
 Struck by paranoia,  I looked behind me.  There was nothing save the stairs. I 
took  my  hand  from the light switch,  where it had remained as  if  glued  of 
paralyzed.
  I  bolted  up  the stairs.  There was  something  ghastly  about  the  house, 
definitely.  I could easily have imagined the sounds or the whole mystery  room 
for that matter;  I could have had a nightmare or something. But now I was wide 
awake and certainly I had not just imagined the dead cat,  horribly cut up,  or 
half-eaten, or whatever.
  What  to do?  Go back to the real estate agent's and claim my money  back  on 
claims  of  there being something horrible in the house?  They  would  have  me 
fetched  by  the men in white coats.  One card short of a full  deck,  lost  my 
marbles,  that kind of thing.  No,  I would solve all of this myself.  I was an 
adult, I was up to it. There was probably a very logical explanation that would 
render all superstitions and weird thoughts futile.

 I spent most of the day preparing myself for the night.  I did not have a  gun 
but  I had found a crowbar in a shack in the garden.  Whatever it was that  ate 
cats at night,  I would surely be able to handle it.  I took a short nap in the 
afternoon so it wouldn't be too hard to stay awake the whole night.
 The nap took longer than I had intended. It was already darkening outside, and 
there  was wind tugging at the ancient walls and roof.  It rained  softly,  but 
there  wasn't  a doubt in my mind that the rain would get  heavier  during  the 
night.  There were a few lightning flashes outside,  but the thunder itself was 
too far to reach me - yet.
 I pulled on my sturdiest set of trousers, the working trousers that I had done 
some  fruitpicking  labour in,  last summer somewhere.  I hefted  the  crowbar, 
tapping it on the palm of my other hand.
  I didn't light a candle when I went down.  The darkness was  almost  complete 
now,  and the sounds were already occurring again.  There was no moon  outside, 
and  had  there  been any I doubt if it would have been  full.  I  knew  I  had 
resolved to get whatever was in my house in the very cellar,  but my knees felt 
weak  as  I  touched the cellar door's knob.  It was cold,  like  that  of  the 
mysterious room the other night.
 "What the hell," I thought to myself, "I had better get it over with."
 I threw open the cellar door, feeling like a hero for an instant. There was no 
applause,  however, which tore me back to reality. The sounds were not actually 
deafening,  but  already they were beyond the comfortably  audible,  distorting 
slightly.
 I could see nothing but darkness in which I fancied shadows moving.  I put  my 
hand  on the light switch,  at which moment there was an angrily hissing  noise 
coming from the far side of the cellar,  where the half dozen dead cats lay.  I 
could have sworn there was a munching sound,  but it ceased at the very instant 
I flicked the switch. There was no light though. One moment later something was 
thrown through the cellar - I caught a very brief glimpse of something metallic 
in a ray of light that was emitted from somewhere.  The next instant I felt  it 
crashing at my feet.
 The light bulb.  Whatever was with me in this cellar,  had some sentience. The 
thought  of  an  intelligent monster scared me witless.  As if  *it*  had  some 
immaculate sense of drama,  it chose this moment to reveal to me two  bloodshot 
eyes at about 10 feet distance from me.  I froze to the spot,  suddenly finding 
the cellar very warm. I felt my forehead suddenly moist, and as I regripped the 
crowbar  I  felt the perspiration in my hands making it  slightly  slippery.  I 
swung the bar,  but the creature's eyes didn't even blink. It was still too far 
off for it to be hit by me, but already it was far too close to my taste.
 I got a strange urge to start yelling at the beast,  cursing,  hollering,  but 
thought better of it. People did that in cheap horror B films. This was class A 
reality, as bad as it ever gets.
 The beast closed its eyes.  I heard a faint hint of a shuffle,  then it opened 
its  eyes again.  A bit closer.  It was homing in on me.  I saw before  me  the 
morning's slaughter,  the cat,  its guts spilled on the floor,  the odd lack of 
blood.  Lack of blood?  I had never really liked cats but I didn't want to suck 
them dry either.  Outside I heard a rolling sound of thunder that belonged to a 
flash of lightning I hadn't seen.
  I  turned around and ran up the stairs.  This seemed exactly the  moment  the 
beast,  animal,  monster, abomination, had been waiting for. I felt it speaking 
in my head.  It spoke in vivid images, black and red all over. Its tongue I did 
now  know,  but  it must have been a universal language dormant in  all  living 
beings.  I knew it was speaking of death,  impending death.  And I was the  one 
going to be it.
 All of this had taken an instant,  a precious instant,  in which my run up the 
stairs had slowed down.  It had been sufficient for the horribly vile  creature 
to  gain on me and grab an ankle.  Mortal dread hurled itself over  me,  and  I 
think I cried in panic,  begging for someone, someone, please, someone, to help 
me. But I knew there would be nobody to hear. There was a thunderstorm outside, 
and nobody liked to go here anyway.
  Frantically I kicked.  When the grip loosened and I got to run  up  again,  I 
couldn't get rid of the impression that I had escaped only because it wanted me 
to.  It wanted to play with me, not just kill me, eat me, do whatever it wanted 
with me.  It seemed pointless the slam the cellar door behind me,  but I did so 
anyway.
  As  I  retreated in the ground floor  hallway,  towards  the  front  door,  I 
rediscovered the crowbar in my hand.  Why hadn't I used it on the beast? Had it 
had  some psychological hold on me?  I heard the sound of feet,  *clawed  furry 
fangs*,  on the cellar stairs.  My eyes opened wide,  but I suppressed a cry of 
fear.  I could handle this. I hefted the crowbar again. I was an adult. I could 
handle this,  sure I could.  There was some fumbling at the cellar door,  after 
which  it opened slowly.  Its hinges made no noise whatsoever.  Then  the  eyes 
came, amid a silhouette humpy and horrible, with limbs where there shouldn't be 
any.  And fangs.  There was some light,  from somewhere, that caught the fangs, 
long and white-yellowish, dripping with saliva.
 For a moment it seemed as if the house rode the lightning.  Horribly  explicit 
the beast became as it crawled forth from the cellar door opening.  I fell, the 
way dumb women in films fall,  cursing at my own stupidity.  I clung on to  the 
crowbar as if it was my life insurance.  It *was*.  Not a good one,  but it was 
all I had.
 "Come on," I said,  trying to sound threatening but probably failing.  I could 
have sworn the monster grinned as it poised itself to leap,  like a grotesquely 
misformed,  many-limbed  large cat.  I clambered back,  eye to horrid eye  with 
certain death.  It spoke to me again,  spoke of charred flesh and blood pouring 
from wounds shaped like serrated edges, fangs, white, yellowish, dripping.
 There was a violent knocking behind me,  suddenly,  and I could have sworn the 
beast's grin widened.  I cried in dismay,  causing the knocking, the *slamming* 
on  the  front door,  to increase.  The monster must have warned  a  previously 
invisible  partner  outside.  I  was cornered.  Why had I not  thought  of  the 
possibility? Monsters came individually in class B horror films. This was class 
A reality. Here they came in twos. At least.
  I  yanked open the front door,  at the precise instant of which  a  flash  of 
lightning almost directly atop my flashed mercilessly,  the sound coming within 
the same moment, obliterating my hearing. I had my back to the cellar creature, 
and  now  faced a squat threat,  appearing hideously misformed in the  bolt  of 
lightning  as  it  sped through the sky.  I  swung  the  crowbar.  It  impacted 
something  hard  that gave way.  I swung  again,  hacked,  until  the  wretched 
creature  fell  down,  and  then I hit some more until the  crowbar  came  back 
gleaming red with bits of hair clinging to it.
  Something laughed behind me,  the disturbed,  loud laugh of the  irredeemably 
insane.  I  swirled around,  where one more lightning flash revealed to me  the 
form  of the impure creature as it retreated down to the cellar,  as if it  had 
successfully performed its task.
 I looked down on the dead shape lying on my doorstep.  The rain lashed at  its 
remains. As the throes of half-madness left me be, I recognised in it the clerk 
that had arranged this house for me. Why had he come here at this ungodly hour? 
Why?  Why  had the vile creature downstairs projected in my mind visions of  an 
evil accomplice, of death upon me instantly?
 I sank to my knees,  no longer able to suppress my sobbing. In the morning men 
came to take my numb self away.

  Maybe I should never have opened the maddeningly explicit diary after  I  had 
read its former owner's name. Maybe I should simply have left, never to return, 
when  I  discovered  I had moved into a house  previously  occupied  by  Howard 
Phillips  Lovecraft,  a  house that no doubt gave birth to many of  his  horror 
stories.
 But now it's too late.

  Written during a few sessions in early summer,  finished July  23rd  1994.  I 
think the Lovecraft inspiration is pretty obvious...


