ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              THE ART-FUCK-TORY... HARDWARE ANTIALIASING EXPLAINED
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yo there... because mOdmate of checknix  don't wants to  continue his artfactory
corner I decided to  take over his job now. It's  quiet a long time ago that the
last ñ"ARTFACTORY"ð appeared and so I have to improvise something.

Because I remember  some kind  of article about  mOdmates ò"hardcore dithering"ð I
decided to make a further step into that direction. So I will try  to inform you
about the latest  painting technics I found out with my restart  of drawing some
stuff on my ST.

In former times ò"antialiasing"ð wasn't known on the Atari, the first drawn things
looked  always like crap. Later on some wellknown  painting tools  featured some
automatic antialiasing  such as óNEOCHROMEð, that helped the people a lot out. But
later that simple antialiasing wasn't good enough anymore, hand pixeling was the
solution.

I antialiased a lot with hand too and I can tell you that it  isn't very easy on
the ST when  you're going to  use as much  different colours  as possible. But I
tried my best with  all the other graphicians together and the finished pix were
not bad at all. But then I found  out some  revolutionary ways of  antialiasing,
that don't cost much time, or better no time at all!!!

Here they come... moondog's hardware antialiasing hints...

1. Drink some  bottles of beer and wodka and while  painting your pictures, with
   the time the alcohol should do the job very well. You should stop painting if
   you're going to vomit on your computer, it could damage the machine a bit too
   much. Anyway, when the alcohol is going to  be effective, you  should see the
   best  results on your  screen. This technique  has several  drawbacks. At one
   point it could be a bit  expensive, because if you understand more alcohol it
   will cost a lot of money just to paint  some lines... furthermore  the effect
   ends mostly on the next  day and you have  to start to drink again before you
   are switching on your machine again or you will surely hate your work...
   Another bad effect is that you can't  show your work to other people, because
   you would loose a lot of money to make them all drunk before showing your pix
   to them... just think you would try  this antialiasing  technique for a party
   competition picture... So just check the next point...

2. Meanwhile the  last technique is more a fluid  one instead of a hard one, the
   following is real hardware stuff, but not  usefull for all people. Anyway, if
   you have some glasses just put them down before starting your  painting work.
   This technique has the good effect that it doesn't costs  any money and it is
   going to be more and more perfect with the damage  grade of your eyes. If you
   have just 1o % of your eyes power left  you must feel like MADE or NIKO after
   drawing just a few lines everytime.
   But this technique  has some drawbacks  as well, so  you never  can show your
   work to other people, except the ones who're wearing  glasses as well, if you
   don't like  it that the crowd is laughin  about you. Anyway, for your private
   enjoyment it should be a good technique.

3. A good solution also for showing the work to the public is the following one.
   Just buy  a ten years old  òGOLDSTAR TVð set, connect it to your ST, it doesn't
   matter  if scart or  not, because  the picture  tubes of those TV sets can be
   called your  graphix card  now, because it  takes over a lot  of antialiasing
   work now. But here you need to be some mediocre grafician at least.
   This solution still needs some work from you like well  chosen colours or so,
   but therefore you can call yourself a real grafixman now. Just invite some of
   your friends  and "smash on the shit"... yeah! I know what I'm talking about,
   because I used such a TV set for years... but you need a good  ego to survive
   the times after using òGOLDSTARð, you  surely wont  like your older  work after
   checking it out on another monitor. Anyway, for some good home entertainment-
   sessions  to impress some friends  it is good enough, and you wont  check the
   errors you made while painting too... hehe...

4. Very near by the last technique lies the following one, but with the very big
   difference that it is thought to win even some  picture competitions! Yes, at
   first you  have to start  with the òGOLDSTARð technique  at home. The new stuff
   starts on the party place... Check  out the video  projection  technique that
   will  be used  for the  competitions, if you  know about  it, you should know
   about your  chances. At next show your picture  on your òGOLDSTARð antialiasing
   machine to a very few people, try  to impress them  with sayings like "I have
   painted 3 month on that picture, and I needed alone 1 month for antialiasing!
   So vote for that true pixeled stuff instead for some photoshopped shit!"...
   Yeah, the óGOLDSTARð  will help you  in this  situation! Be sure... and I think
   the video projector will do the rest... and you should win some money or so.

Yes! And if  you tried my tips out and have won something, than please send me a
donation! Just remember that  my tips brought  you to your results! Hehe... Btw,
to use those techniques  should help you  while dithering  something as well, so
use óGOLDSTARð instead of mOdmates hardcore dither techniques! ;)

.tSCc. no pressure - no piss!                                        supermoonie
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------