--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      "BOESES JUNGES FLEISCH" by :WUMPSCUT:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

released by BETON KOPF MEDIA 1999

CD Album - german version

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here comes  the review of :WUMPSCUT:s latest fulltime  album that  surely is the
most successful  album by Rudi Ratzinger as well. It is the first  CD since long
time I bought without checking it out  before on the  record shop. Why? I knewed
already the song "TOTMACHER" from several dark disco events  and was infected by
the :W: fever again and because I like his apocalyptic industrial sound I bought
it right after I saw it in the shop.

Before I will take a closer look let's check the tracklist...

o1 - Wolf
o2 - Totmacher
o3 - Ich Will Dich
o4 - Flucht
o5 - Zerst”rte Tr„ume
o6 - Hexentanz
o7 - Draussen
o8 - Ewig
o9 - Vergib Mir
1o - Sag Es Jetzt
11 - Sehnsucht

As you should  already see, this album  features only german  songs, a novum for
:WUMPSCUT: but I have to mention  that there was an english version  released as
well, known as "Eevil Young Flesh"... yeah, Eevil... double-eeeee.

So, what's that album all about? It's a complete concept album, it features just
songs about mass murders, esp. impressed by the german killer FRITZ HAARMANN who
was living around  1925 in  Germany and who has killed a lot of young men (only!
because he was homosexual) and made sausage of them to sold them on the market.

The album features  songs about the  several thoughts of a mass killer, thoughts
about hunting the victims, what goes round in  their mind after they have killed
them and so on... Ok, so let's start a closer look onto the single songs...

o1 - Wolf 

This song  is about the  obsession of  some people  who think  they have to kill
others and to drink their  blood to kill  the monster  inside of themselves. The
song  features  the typical sound, sometimes  bombastic and  orchestral and then
with stretched noises and hard stomping beats.

o2 - Totmacher

This song features as title the nick of  Fritz Haarmann, it's a very rough song,
about butchering  someone and the feelings of the killer, who  know's  that he's
taking the life of the victim forever but thinks that it is God's will.

o3 - Ich Will Dich

Another  topic, of a man  who wants a  woman, but in  another way, you  know. He
wants the girl  for himself only, even with violence and knowing  that he got it
without real love sets him in rage, he wants just sex with her, and after he got
it, he's killing her, because she isn't worth anything for him anymore. The song
features samples from porno movies and is a hard stomping dancefloor tune.

o4 - Flucht

This song is about the hunt for a victim and the exitment of  the hunter and the
fear and panik of the victim. Also a fast kicking song, with hard beats.

o5 - Zerst”rte Tr„ume

This one is about a guy wha wants to have his dreams back that were destroyed by
someone  other. So this  one is no real "killersong". A  mediocre one  with many
breaks in the melody.

o6 - Hexentanz

That thingie is just an instrumental one, many noises and beats and breaks...

o7 - Draussen

The next song is a very  strange one for :W:, it's a very calm song, featuring a
lot of violines  and so on and  spreads right from  the beginning  a very sadden
atmosphere. It's a nice mix out of electronix and violines... cool!

o8 - Ewig

This one is a stomper again, just with  the topic that all  we are, all we think
and all we do isn't eternal and when you start to think about it, it makes you a
bit  depressive, because Rudi isn't so  wrong with  his meaning  that "we aren't
eternal"... but he matched it to overdraw that topic with some kind of sarcasm.
A kewl dancefloor filler again, btw.

o9 - Vergib mir

Another  song, another topic, the  next one  in the  row of  killer songs. It is
about the hunt for a victim, the moment he got it, the point as he killed it and
what he could think as the dead body is laying in his  arms. This one is the 1st
song that  shows another side onto that topic, just  because that  the victim is
laughing at first about his murderer without knowing what is caused by this.
The most depressing moments came up after he killed it, sits there with the dead
body and says that he  don't wanted to be the victims destiny  and wants that he
could forgive him... While  listening that  song many  waves of  gooseflash were
running down my back, feeling with victim and offender together... gosh...

1o - Sag es jetzt

Yet, another slow song, with female  voices this  time! About  someone who wants
that his opposite  says that  he loves  him and  belongs to  him only. If you're
reading between the lines you can think what he's would do if  the otherone does
not say what he should... huuuu...

11 - Sehnsucht

The last  song is  a very  cool one, just because of the  fact that  it features
drums that sound like the ones used in old Atari demos!!!! ("Ooh Crickey..." for
example...) Other kewl points are speak  samples about  Fritz Haarmann. The song
isn't a dancefloor filler or something but spreads a remarkable dark feeling...

So that's it  all about. As you can see Rudi didn't  worked too  straight on his
killer album. Not all songs are about murderers and something, but  therefore it
seems as  after the  rage in  the first part the killer  inside starts  to think
about  the things he did... Therefore  the  design  of the  booklet and  cd case
itself are going straight this way, dead people, portraits of murderers and also
normal people, just to show that no one can say who is one and  who not, to show
that they're at least looking like everyone.

Nothing more to write, just that anyone who is  interested in this kind of music
and this topic as well, should take a closer look on it, it surely is one of the
highlights of the german apocalyptic industrial scene!

I didn't wrote a complete discography here, btw, because you can find  it in the
second :W: review... "Blutkind"...

"...du sollst nicht t”ten..."                                            moondog
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------