ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            CONSOLE GAMING NEWS
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This article is just about to show up what  games were released in the last time
or a going  to be released  in the near  future for  the Atari consoles LYNX and
JAGUAR. You all know  that there isn't much to come anymore. Furthermore also on
those  machines some kind of "digging out old stuff" is very -in- at  the moment
and so not all "new" games are new at all. But as  Atarian you  should know this
already (think on the Falcon...) and  shouldn't have a big problem with  this at
the one hand and  should be  happy to see  new stuff  for those  consoles at the
other  hand... arr... I  don't have any  Atari console  at all... just wanted to
point that out.

Ok, let's start with new games for the JAGUAR...

The Jaguar market  is nowadays maintained by SONGBIRD PRODUCTIONS, who are doing
more or less the same as 16/32 SYSTEMS did for the Falcon a  few years ago. Even
if SONGBIRD are producing some  game titles by  themselves they're especially on
the Jaguar more in the finishing and releasing of old and stopped games by other
developpers. So they digged out several games, licensed them and finally brought
them to the shrinking Atari Jaguar community, that had very hard times since the
existence of the Jaguar, because of many shitty games, too few releases (esp. in
the last years) and so on...

But SONGBIRD is trying to brighten that situation a little  bit and so they have
released 4 games for the Jaguar within the last months. Here they come...

ñ"HYPER FORCE"

This vertical running  shot'em'up in the  foodsteps of "TURRICAN" or even "TOTAL
RECALL" on  the  good old 16bit  machines was  released as 2MB CARTRIDGE and was
developped by VIRTUAL IMPACT back in the year 1995... Because of the bad chances
to earn some money  the project was stopped and the developpers  are nowadays in
the GAME BOY COLOR, PC and PSX gaming scene. SONGBIRD digged the game out...
As the screenshots show this  is a fairly ordinary shooter, the grafix reminding
more to the SNES instead  to a 64bit machine and so the whole thing gives more a
touch of the early video-gaming times instead of high end consoles as the Jaguar
was thought as...

ñ"PROTECTOR"

This shot'em'up, released  as 2MB CARTRIDGE as well, isn't  usefull for DEFENDER
2K owners, because it's just another DEFENDER clone. Not much to say, especially
because this game concept  without any blasting  features on a  64bit console is
too old fashioned...

ñ"SKYHAMMER"

This shot'em'up was hyped a lot, but unfortunately I don't got more informations
about the game itself. It was developped by REBELLION, who are  famous for their
work on "ALIEN VS PREDATORS". It comes as 4MB CARTRIDGE.

ñ"SOCCER KID"

That jump'n'run game  was developped by KRISALIS software and was  released on a
2MB CARTRIDGE. This game is called to be  the most addictive plattformer but the
screenshots  are more  or less  disturbing. Even some jump'n'run  games on 16bit
computers and consoles are  looking more colourful as this one. Also the idea to
mix a soccer  game with a plattformer isn't  overwhelming... Only for jump'n'run
addicts...

Other games still in preperation...

ñ"ARKANNA"

This game is  still under development of the US firm STORM WORKS INTERACTIVE. It
is going to be a 3D adventure for one player, released on 2MB cartridge. So far
the game is finished for 3o% but not laying on ice as the permanent updates of
the developper homepage show.

url: http://lonestar.texas.net/~ni2105/

ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A bit  brighter looks  the scenery  on the  LYNX, ATARI's only  handheld at all.
After many  very thin years the last  survivors owning this  gaming system got a
wave of new releases within the last months and there is still more to come. Not
all of those games are just games that got final touches as it is on the Jaguar.

ñCHAMPIONSHIP RALLEY

This overhead  racing game in  style of "SUPER CARS" is thought  to be  released
around XMAS 2ooo.

ñCRYSTAL MINES 2: BURIED TREASURE

This is an  expansion for the game "CRYSTAL MINES" and originally  developped by
SERIOUS CYBERNETICS. It needs a WINDOWS PC to fill up  the game with  new levels
and a level editor as well.

ñCYBERVIRUS

This game  was originally  developped by  BEYOND GAMES and  will be  finished by
SONGBIRD next year. It is going to be the first (and again) first-person shooter
or adventure (?) on the LYNX at all. The first screenshots  aren't bad but in my
eyes they remind a lot to the crappy EGA palette of the old PC's... meuh!

{*i console1.pi1 m 0 20 0 199}

ñLEXIS

That is no new game at all, already finished back  in 1994 by SHADOWSOFT and now
licensed to SONGBIRD, this letter-tetris is totally outdated...

ñPONX

Eeeks... even on  the LYNX again and again  old game ideas are  tormented and so
the PONG game was ported to the LYNX as well... the screenshots  look crappy and
surely this game is one of the most useless ones of this year.

ñREMNANT

This game is going to be a pseudo-tridi-space shooter a la "SPACEFIGHTER" on the
Atari ST. I already  tested the  beta version... check out  my review  under the
following link...
>--> REMNANT BETA RELEASE <--<                                                    {*\REMNANT.TXT}

ñSFX

This strange thing is thought to be a audio testing utility for LYNX developpers
to check out the sound capabilities of that machine.

ñULTRA VORE

What? Yes, that's "ULTRA VORTEX", a beat'em'up, coming  from  the Jaguar, do you
remember? The first screenshots really looking marvellous! A title to wait for!
It is planned to be released in 2oo1.

{*i console2.pi1 m 0 20 0 199}


Overall with SONGBIRD PRODUCTIONS the LYNX got it's last big  supporter. As I've
checked up a lot of LYNX developpers  are vanished, together with their in parts
very promising projects. So the following development teams are out of order
nowadays...

DIGITAL THUNDER   - one of the most interesting new generation developpers left
                    the scene with 3 games, like BLUE EARTH
LYNX GENERATION 2 - last lifesigns back in 1997, since then nothing, their games
                    like "GP ZETA" are lost with them...

That article shows the moment of  the end of the last year, an updated view will
follow up next time for sure...

.tSCc.                                                                   moondog
ó--------------------------------------------------------------------------------