
                              òSTNICCC 2000 REPORT
                              ñ-------------------

                     ...much better than "Klompendansen"


First day...  After  our  very  long  travel...  about  9 hours  with  my car we
reached  the partyplace which  was  the  very  fantastic  and  luxurious óMIND IT
óTRAINING CENTER in SASSENHEIMð, Netherlands. We  didn't even  took our  computers
out of the car but  where in lotsa discussions... We arrived and were integrated
in the party from the start.  The atmosphere  in all of the rooms  was very very
relaxed and you got  food and  drinks  for free  all the  time... wow!  I  never
had such luxury on a computer convention before!

The main-part of  the party  happened in the 4 areas  of the top floor.  Some of
the groups... ñSector Oneð & òDuneð placed themself  into  the quieter  cellar-areas
to be able  to  work  undisturbed on  their demo, which looked rather promising.
Unfortunately they didn't manage to complete it at the party.

The óMaggie teamð belonged  to the  few  arrived  englishmen on  this party.  They
released  the  last official edition  of  their diskmag,  which also  celebrated
it's 10th aniversary.

First previews were also shown  from óGrazey/PHFð's giant sounddemo.  The colossal
chip-music-demo  includes  4000  songs at  present and  shall also  be  released
in the  coming weeks.  It probably  should work on  ST AND Falcon,  however only
from hard disk,  because of it's enormous size  that will fill  up a few  discs.

Strangely,  we  hardly  saw one of  the announced releases.  So  also  with òFUNð.
They couldn't finish their new Falcon demo in time at the party.  Merely óD-FORCEð
worked on a new modcompilation for the Falcon.

The guys of the legendary Compilation-Crew òRipped Offð worked during the event at
the completion of their óRIPPED OFF CDð.  The  CD  contains  all  ñRipped Offð-menus
(1-133)  in  the .ST  Fileformat  and additionally still a few noted and unknown
ST demos.

òMarc Rosochað of óEclipse softwareð, one of the last companies of the old days that
managed to survive until now, presented ñIRON SOLDIER 3ð on the  new óNUONð Console.
The game  also appeared for òPlaystationð.  The Soundtrack was done  by members of
the democrew óLAZERð.

ñThe Sirius Cybernetics Corporationð   worked  on   a  38-ktro  for  the óC64 TIMES
óREVISITED COMPOð called òCENTAURIð.  The dentro unfortunately couldn't be completed
at the party. Downloaded it at:
óhttp://tscc.atari.org.ð

Completely unexpected òOXYGENEð from France presented a new STE demo simply called
óSTNICCCð. Everybody who  liked ñEKO-SYSTEMð on  the  Falcon  will  quite  certainly
be  pleased  by  this demo.  The observer  induces  himself  in  a  rather  fast
vector-world  and can listen to a  50Khz soundtrack from óLaxity/Kefrensð on  STE.

On the French side, there were quite a lot of  Compo-entries at the òSTNICCCð.  So
also óDbug/NeXTð has been  given in 2  Competition-entires.  In the ñST NEWS IN THE
ñSTRANGEST PLACE COMPOð has won with  a brilliant  idea that was  impossible to be
beaten I guess. As employee of a big software-company he  placed an óSTNICCCð-logo
in a corner on the Cover of a game.  The game has been sold some  thousand times
WORLD-WIDE!  He also won the  òC64 TIMES REVISITED COMPOð with a demo  on an  óORICð
8-bit computer.


You find the complete results here:


General Democompo:

ñ 1) OXYGENE: "STNICCC" 3D STE demo (Leonard and Mon)
ò 2) Sector One & Dune: "Untitled" (ST Ghost, Splash, Exyl, Zerkman,
ò    frost, Edo, DMA-SC, Chuck and Mic)
ó 3) PHF: "Ultimate Music demo 8730" (Grazey and Cal)
ñ 4) Overlanders: "sound + 3D cube bootsector" (Mr. Bee)
ò 5) Tos-crew: "Heartland" game (Mr. Ni)
ó 6) Idemline (Sine)


C64 Times Revisited Compo:

ñ 1) Next: "Oric atom demo" (DBug)
ò 2) tSCc: "CENTAURI" (Llama, Ray, MC Laser, Dynacore, Unseen Fate, Gizmo)


ST News Logo:

ó 1) Equinox: Nova
ñ 2) ST Connexion: Krazy Rex


ST News Logo in the Strangest Place:

ò 1) Next: DBug (CD ROM filler code)
ó 2) Carbon (Pringles package)


YM Chip music:

ñ 1) "Real Arcade" by Milhouse
ò 2) "Her Face" by MC Laser of tSCc
ó 3) "STNICCC" by DForce of Fun
ñ 4) "Pocket Groove@ by DMA-SC of Sector One


Here again a small overview which groups were present in any form:
QX,    Thalion,    Lazer,    Absence.de,    Oxygene,   Tos-Crew,  Fun,  Synergy,
Sector One,  Dune,  tSCc,  Maggie team,   Atari Active,  Light,  Foundation Two,
Idemline,  Teenage,  The Exceptions,  Level 16, Eclipse, ULM, Checkpoint, Ripped
Off, Overlanders, P.H.F., NeXT and quite a lot more.

óOverlandersð, ñP.H.F.ð, òNeXTð and quite a lot more.

The  òUNREALð-room  wasn't used for the whole time,  which was one of the positive
things. If you wanna see some pictures from the party then visit:

óhttp://www.stniccc.comð

The organizers announced the  next  party to  the 25th anniversary in  the  year
2015! If this event should then really takes place then we surely will be there!


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ó MC Laser/The Sirius Cybernetics Corporation^iCEBiRD     [ mc_laser@atari.org ]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ñ                             http://tscc.atari.org
