--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    WHERE ARE THEY NOW? - PART ONE: CRUOR
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A short word before starting the article itself. If all things running fine I'll
present you  in a more or less loosy series the history and current situation of
demo groups, but I will focuse on bands that are disappeared from the screen and
that are  deleted from the most  peoples mind  or not known  to "new generation"
sceners.
Furthermore  I wont focuse on the "gods" of the  scene only or  something, but I
want to remember to people who tried to support this scene as well.

Ok, let's start the show...

In search  for my Xmas present, a game  for my damn  PC, I discovered  a game in
the boards called "KLOMANAGER" and I wondered  a lot. I took the  package out of
the board and red the text on the package. Man! That's  the polished  PC version
of the old Atari game "KLOMANAGER" (for the english ones: toilet manager)!

I searched the package for the people who created the game and found the logo of
ANVIL SOFT... ANVIL SOFT? Surely just a few people remember that team. So I have
to dig out a bit more. ANVIL SOFT was the label used by the demo group CRUOR for
their commercial game project "PAINIUM DISASTER" on Falcon.

Uuups, have I mixed  up your brain completely  now? If yes, just read  the stuff
that follows now.

All started  back in  1993 or  something. There were two friends called MATTHIAS
HOFMANN and RONALD WENDT. On their vacations in France they had the idea to code
a utility to manage their stocks of  toilet paper and  their  ideas were growing
and growing and finally they wanted to create a complete "KLOMANAGER".

So MATTHIAS started to code that game on an Amiga 5oo but he screwed up with the
code and to rescue that project RONALD decided to borrow him his  Atari 52oSTfm.
The year passed by and in 1994 the game was finished but due to some problems in
compiling it, it was laying on some disk up to 1995.

1995, MATTHIAS vanished in that time, don't know anything about his destination.
And a PD game was  released, called "KLOMANAGER", under the  label WENDTWARE. So
it seems to me that  RONALD was the one who survived the work on the game in the
end. It seemed to be the only release under that label. But...
...something new appeared on the scene, a new german  coding team, called CRUOR.
This team consisted of ZWECKFORM (Ronald Wendt) and RAVING MAD (Ralf Zenker).

Both guys wanted to release their first  Falcon intro on  the FRIED BITS 3 PARTY
hold at  Easter in Bremen but due to  some bugs they fucked up and  so the intro
was released a few days after the party. It consisted of a few different screens
such as a zoomer, "starfield", texture mapping and stuff. Not  brainblasting but
surely better than several other entries on the party (such as .tnb.'s "hirntod"
demo)... And as it seems  the band should never  have much luck  in their coding
work for the Falcon...

Anyway, it took some time and a massive game project was announced for the Fo3o,
a shot'em'up game in style of "Wings Of Death". The label was  ANVIL SOFT and if
you had  some knowledge about the scene  in these times it was easy  to find out
who were the people behind ANVIL SOFT.

The game was called "PAINIUM DISASTER" and was announced a lot  earlier than the
same try  of the  INDEPENDENT posse, "XMOON". I still have  an original  preview
disk of the game that I got on some Atari fair called "PROTOS" back in 1995...
Anyway, the game looked good and was one of the most promising game projects for
the Falcon in my eyes. That was in November 1995 and they announced  the release
of the game for March 1996 but nothing happened...

The time  passed by and  together with the german band THERAPY (they hold a very
close contact  to them since  their birth... just think, both bands  coming from
the same city...) they  appeared on the  SYMPOSIUM 1996 and  they were  going to
release their second Falcon intro on this party.

There another strange thing happened. After they didn't  finished or better they
didn't matched it to debug their former intro in time now  they had it ready for
the competition but decided not to enter the compo because they thought it would
not be good enough to compete with the other entries!
If you can  remember  that party and the  real bad  Atari entries for the  intro
compo  you surely can imagine how they had must felt after the compo.
I still think  their intro with the nice texture mapped tunnel and the few other
screens  and effex  could have ruled the compo... But as they  wrote in the last
screen of the demo... life's a bitch... ;)

Unfortunately this  was going to  be their last contribution to the  Falcon demo
scene, but they were going on to work for their game, "PAINIUM DISASTER". As you
all should  remember on the SYMPOSIUM PARTY was the  first (and only) preview of
the game "XMOON" released  and the guys behind that game laughed  about the guys
behind "PAINIUM DISASTER" and the technics in their game and slagged them off.

On another Atari fair also in 1996 they released a  second preview of their game
(and I must  say that I have lost the copy of it... :( ) and a  complete silence
was surrounding our heroes from now on.

Somewhen in 1997 the  rumour was spread that the game  is finished  and the guys
started to debug it... Some hopes rised again to see the  final game but nothing
happened, you guessed that, eh?

Times passed by and a wave of  silence swapped over  CRUOR and ANVIL SOFT... And
up today nothing more was heard or seen of them...

Untill now. Because there  was never  a homepage  of the band  CRUOR or so on it
was a bit hard to follow their way. But now, as I found their game in the stores
I decided  to search for the "KLOMANAGER" with  ACOON (the  best  Inet searching
machine I used  so far) and I found the  firm that distributes the "KLOMANAGER",
the german budget  and  licence  label  RONDOMEDIA. I  also  found  the  private
homepage of RONALD WENDT, but the server was down.

Last but not least I decided to contact RONDOMEDIA for further  informations and
to get the Email add of RONALD, if possible.
Nothing happened  again, RONDOMEDIA ignored  my mail and  after a  short  time I
decided to check the internet again. This time I used another search machine and
bingo, I found  them! The  official ANVIL SOFT  homepage  and  furthermore  some
working Email address of RONALD.

Shortly I decided  to make an interview with him, about his and CRUOR's ways and
last but not least ANVIL SOFT's ways and future...

This one follows now...

------- interview with Ronald Wendt, former known as Zweckform of Cruor --------


Q - Hi Ronald! Before we  check up your ways and future, some questions that are
    thought  to enlight  your personal  abyss... How old are  you? What  are you
    doing in your real life? When you have started computing and how?
 
A - Hi moondog, I'm 28 years old and I am doing game  design and  gfx for Anvil-
    Soft. I started computing  about  1983, when  my classmates got  their first
    C64s for Christmas. In 1984 I  got my first  own computer  also a C64. If it
    matters, my first Atari was a 520 ST which I bought in 1989.
 
 
Q - Some words about  CRUOR. This band suddenly appeared 1995  on the screen and
    disappeared  already 1996. When was it founded and why the story of the band
    was so  damn short? Was it maybe the fact that you missed the possibility to
    get more fame with your Symposium96 intro you haven't given into competition
    (I for myself still think that it was the best falcon 96k intro on the party
    at all)? Or are there other reasons?
 
A - The reason why we  did only release one more demo (which most people did not
    realize) was Painium Disaster. After planning  several small  freeware games
    we decided  to try and  get professional  game producers. So almost directly
    after the Fried Bits Party we started on planning the shooter.
    We still wanted to do some demostuff but we soon found out that the game was
    consuming  our whole  freetime (by that time I  was Azubi at  MAN, repairing
    trucks...) so no time was left for Cruor.

 
Q - As we know there was a second member of CRUOR, Raving Mad, what  happened to
    him? As I could see he isn't involved in Anvil-Soft anymore.
 
A - Raving Mad  left the  company last october. He founded  a new team  which is
    named Dragons Teeth.

 
Q - When you have decided to stop demo works on Atari and to concentrate on game
    development only?
 
A - The decision to  stop even  thinking  about demos  was not  our own, but was
    taking  by life! I  finally had to  earn money  and wanted to get  into game
    development, so I  had  to  concentrade  on  that  aim. This  was  about the
    beginning of 1997 (the game was graphically finished in November 1996).

 
Q - Why you have used two labels  already in that  time, Anvil-Soft for "Painium
    Disaster" and Cruor for your demo activities? It is some kind of confusing.
 
A - Our aim from  the very beginning was to  get professional  developers, so we
    wanted to form to labels, one for fun and one for business.
 
 
Q - You had good contacts  to the other  Atari freaks in  Nuernberg, esp. to the
    guys  of THERAPY. Have you  ever  thought  about  the  fact  to  work closer
    together with them?
 
A - There were  several  plans  to work  together, but  each  team had  always a
    project on which it was working, and after a while the relations were not as
    good as in the beginning. So working together on a creative basement was not
    anymore considerable.
 

Q - Next topic, "Painium Disaster". I got two demo versions of the game and even
    if it was  announced, nothing  happened and  nothing was released... even if
    you have told me already why, please tell it to the crowd again...
 
A - After finishing the game we sent it to the german Atari mag ST-Computer.
    Agent-T was doing the Falcon scene articles at this time, so he got the full
    version of "Painium Disaster". All we know is that he had some problems when
    he tried to run "PD" on his Falcon. Anyway he never mentioned anything about
    the game in the scene or in a game test or something like that. Not a single
    word. I asked  the ST-Computer  several times  to test or  mention "PD", but
    without success. Why they did so - nobody told me....

 
Q - I remember some slaggs of the "Xmoon" makers, who always hyped their product
    and kicked yours. Had you ever contact to them (for example to The Dragon of
    NEW TREND)? What do you  think about them, just  remember, you  had finished
    your game (even if it was not spreaded) and they not...
 
A - We never  had any contact  to the Xmoon team, we really were not in the mood
    to quarrel with  them. I do not know any of them, I think most of the things
    they said  were a matter of age. Back in 1996 (I think they released "Xmoon"
    demo with a  readme text) we were a little stired by the tone  of their text
    file. Some  sentences were some kind of aggressive. I still  do not know for
    what reason.

 
Q - What do you think, what game would have ruled, if both were released at that
    time? Please answer without any "local patriotism". Hehehe...
 
A - Well lets take look in the  coffee pot...IF they really had  worked on their
    game as hard  as we did on ours, and IF they had managed  to coordinate game
    design/ideas and  work  flow, "Xmoon"  would have  been the hell  of a game,
    especially because  the gfx men were very  talented and had  some experience
    due  to demo  making. I was  a beginner  in gfx and  Raving Mad never made a
    project that big  before. "Xmoon" would have been the better game, I am sure
    about that.
 

Q - I still respect  your decision to finish "Painium", esp. because it was done
    by just 2 guys at all, when you remember how many people  were involved into
    "Xmoon". Have  you ever  thought to  skip "Painium", because  of the "Xmoon"
    project?
 
A - No, never. We were motivated by the fact that some others were competing us.
    In the  first place we also were glad  that the Falcon  had one more game to
    come. At that time  we were  fanatic Falcon fans...we would  have killed for
    that bird...:-)

 
Q - As known, "Painium" wasn't  released at  all. Please  tell me why  you don't
    tried to distribute it by yourself or don't released earlier for free...
    Don't you think the game wouldn't have found its lovers and buyers?
 
A - I was struggling  for survival in real life and the fate of the game made me
    sad, but  did not have  the highest  priority. We  always hoped to  sell the
    game. We printed the  boxes and  the manual and wanted to sell  the game but
    the game was  very time critical and crashed on some  Falcons. So we decided
    to release a Shareware version of "PD", which we also offered ST-Computer to
    sell in their Public Domain section. We also uploaded the version to several
    mail boxes. But we only got one customer...


Q - When you  have decided  to leave  the  Atari sector and  why? Are  you still
    following the things going on on Atari?
 
A - I was  very  disappointed  by the  Atari Mag ST-Computer  so  I broke  up my
    subscription of that mag that was in 1999. Since then I did not look for the
    scene in an active way. But some way it is still moving that there are still
    fans of that cool machine who never give up ...
 
 
Q - For example, Therapy  firmed  under the label  Therapy Seriouz Software. Why
    you haven't chosen a similar way and given up instead of trying it out?
 
A - After I finished "PD", I only worked on improving my gfx quality. Anvil-Soft
    did not exist  in reallity that time. I soon got a job as an 2D/3D artist in
    Hannover and was developing professional games for the pc.
 
 
Q - Topic "Klomanager"... this game was born on the ST many years  back. Why you
    decided to take this title for your start on the PC gaming scene?
 
A - During  I was  working  on  the PC game "Thandor" (3D  realtime  strategy) I
    wanted to  form a team with the coder of the  ST-Klomanger  Matthias Hofmann
    from  Nuernberg. But he could not code on PC, so we  decided to  convert the
    old game to the PC. At least some parts were similar, and a concept was also
    very easy to create, as we had the old version for many ideas. When the game
    was finnished (I only  worked on weekends  for it) Matthias sent the game to
    several distributers. Many of them said it was real creative stuff, but were
    afraid of their companies image  because of the game  content. But some also
    wanted  the  game  because  they saw  a good  chance in it. We  were  really
    surprised, that the game was seen in that many ways.
 

Q - Have you ever thought about a Falcon remake too?
 
A - Yes. But the time for  Matthias to get  into Falcon code  would not be worth
    the result. But if anyone outhere is still crazy enough to do some stuff for
    the bird, let us know, we would welcome a Falcon version of "Klomanager"!
 

Q - How runs the business on PC? Are the sells of your game ok?
 
A - For  the  amount  of time we  invested in "Klomanager", the  sells  are very
    satisfying. Still we cannot exist only by the sells of this game.
 

Q - What are  your future plans  with Anvil-Soft? I red  something  about a game
    called "Kartoffelbrei" on your homepage, tell me more about it.
 
A - The name of the game is "Kartoffelpueree"(= mashed potatoes)..:-) But anyway
    we  are  currently working  on "Klomanager II" for  PC. "Kartoffelpueree" is
    finished and hopefully you soon hear about it.
 

Q - Btw... I mentioned  your  homepage. Why  you decided  to mention  your Atari
    roots there?
 
A - Why should we  hide our roots? As we are not working with  comanies like BMW
    etc. like e.g. advertising companies we do not have to sell an image. All we
    have to do is to produce games that make fun. Our roots show, we made it for
    fun and we still do.
 
 
Q - Your distributor  on PC was  or is Rondomedia. I tried to get  in touch with
    you over  Rondomedia, but got no response. Are they  still your distributors
    or have no further contact to them?
 
A - Rondomedia  only got the  license  for "Klomanager". In business  you mostly
    only  have contact when  you want  to sell, or buy  something. As soon as we
    have new stuff we think they are the right company to distribute, they get a
    call...

 
Q - Before we  run too much into PC stuff, that isn't of too big  interest here,
    back to Atari... do you still have your Atari? Are you still following whats
    going on there or isn't it of any interest anymore for you?
 
A - I still got an  1040 ST and the Falcon. My interest is increasing, as in the
    last few month more and more Atari folks came up with questions etc.
 

Q - Have you still contact to the Nuernberger Atari posse?
 
A - I meet Carnera of NPG  from time to time. He used to live  in Nuernberg, but
    moved to Frankfurt/Main to work for Sunflowers. So meeting  him is not easy.
    Most folks  of Therapy  live in other cities. One  even moved to  the United
    States. So the old scene here is almost dead.
 

Q - Let us  make  some  brainstorming... I'll give you  some words  and you just
    write down what comes straight into your mind while reading them...
 
  A-tari - biggest love, biggest disappointment.
  B-avaria - is south of Franconia (Franken) were I live...:-)
  C-rackers - I sometimes love them (when  I  get a  programm  to test  before I
    spend thousands of Marks for shit) an sometimes  hate them (when our game is
    faster avaiable on warez-sites than in Saturn Hansa-stores)
  D-emoscene - Often  cool  guys  with high potential, origin  of  may  talented
    artists and coders
  F-ried Bits - Always much fun, cool guys, fantastic gfx and code - loved it!
  G-ames - My one and (almost) only passion. Can one survive  more than two days
    without???
  H-ighscores - Important to motivate me playing a game real often. To get in is
    a reward and we all want some reward (even for nonsense  stuff like games..)
    :-)
  I-nternet - Very important thing. I would die without e-mail....
  J-aguar - Still got that cat, cool machine, but Atari did not manage to  place
    it on the market the way a game console should be placed.
  K-lomanager - Funny game - every one should have bought it..:-)
  L-ethal Xcess - Cool game, but I  liked "Wings of Death" better. The music and
    gfx was cooler.
  M-icrosoft - is not the answer. Microsoft is the question - no is the answer.
    (well copied that one, but it says everything necessary..)
  N-intendo - produced card games in the 16th century - that impressed me!
  O-riginality - the key to successfull games and demos
  P-ainium - a mixture of pain  and pentium, created to demonstrate our love for
    Intel....
  Q-uake - nice game, but I am not addicted....
  R-alf Zenker - is a good coder and I hope we see some cool games made by him.
  S-ymposium - was nice but if I remember it the right way, was  not as exciting
    as Fried Bits.
  T-herapy - Made cool demos
  U-ser - Drugs suck.
  W-endtware - Was my  first label  on the C64....I do  not want to  go into any
    details...:-)
  X-moon - was never finished
  Y-ak - Jeff Minter
  Z-ero - Five Zero, cool on Jaguar, sucked on Falcon.
 
Q - Oki... I think I  have bored you to death  with my  questions  now... if you
    want to  say something  to the crowd, wanna greet someone  or something like
    that you can do so now...
 
A - I like to greet  mum, dad and...just kidding. Well all I got  to say is keep
    on doing some stuff. Just learn to do gfx or code somthing. To create is the
    key to contentment.
 
Q - Last but not least, a new feature... here you can add a  question you always
    wanted to answer but no one ever asked you:
 
A - Why the hell didn't you buy Painium Disaster???
 
Q - Ok, thanx  for spending your time (I think you  could have  designed a whole
    game  while answering  those questions :)  ...) and I  and the  .tSCc. posse
    wish you much luck in your future...
 
A - Thanks, same to you!
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ok, what's  left to say? RONALD recided  to release  the "PAINIUM DISASTER" game
for free. He wants to release it on the PLACE2BE page for free download. Funnily
right  while writing  on that  article the "REMINDTRO" by  ESCAPE was  released,
featuring  a bunch of ZWECKFORM's grafix... and maybe  he will come  over to the
ERROR IN LINE party as well. And, to speak some nonsense here, maybe  he will be
infected by the ATARI scene virus again...

Yop... that's it for now. "PAINIUM" wasn't released  so far and  because of this
there is no review included in here. I really hope to get my hands on it for the
next issue of UNDERCOVER.

Last but  not least I  hope that I have  refreshed your  memories about CRUOR, a
small but very promising team that vanished before it was able to reach a higher
position in the Falcon scene.

Unfortunately I didn't matched it to dig out RALF ZENKER (aka RAVING MA) as well
and so his views must stay out of this article. Maybe we can give an afterburner
next time? Who knows?

.tSCc. - no promises - no demands!                                       moondog
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------