REAL-TIME 4
~DUST.FIL~ 
04:51 Well this is a slightly tired Chrome of Synergy on the keys here, we're 
      discussing the party right now. It's great fun in the room we're in 
      right now, but a lot of the people at this party are BORING. Come if 
      you want to sit behind a computer and code stay HOME, I don't know, but 
      doesnt a PARTY suggests PARTYING!!! ... Come on guys wake up and start 
      the party ... 
 
05:48 I am damn tired !!!! PSX 
06:18 AAAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHHH. I hate compiling dentros!!!!!!!!! 
      (Energizer/Lazer) 
 
08:21 Again a day has past and we are getting really tired so this may be a 
little bit slow to read because it took so long to write... Good night. 
 
08:54 Hello world, me still alive(almost that is) 
      Slimmmmmzzzzzzz.............. 
 
10:45 So i also entered the state of the living dead, i'm already awake for  
      about two hours now. This party is still going on strong, most people  
      are still sleaping and will be awake in the evening when everything is  
      going on. What did you say did you see my new version of my depacker, 
      yeh it's almost finished and i hope i can release it here. 
      See you all later or not !!! Wingleader/Synergy 
      I'm so happy about the music from Le Scav from the Game Dimo's Quest on 
      CDI. 
 
11:00 Raaah.....they've put on my CD.I've heard it a lot, a little to much 
      in fact. Although there are some nice tracks on it, some of them really 
      suck, and somehow they've managed to pick out the really shitty ones.. 
      Anyway, it's nice to see reactions. Powa is coding his ### off, I hope 
      he makes it before the contest closing time..At last some favourable 
      reactions on our demo as well. It seemed that a lot less people had 
      seen it than we thougth...Sorry for the bad semantics here, but I'am 
      really fuzzy. Anyway, collectivity (esp. Dutch Collectivity) is very 
      much alive here..Ferrero rochel!!! Scavy-san signing off... 
 
11:07 We are almost reaching line 1700 in this wonderful realtime article. 
      So lets go to that magic line, with a countup (not countdown) 
 
line 1660 
line 1661 
line 1662 
line 1663 
line 1664 
line 1665 
line 1666 
line 1667 
line ..... 
line eerrhhm 
 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
 
11:48 Hello! Here is Onkel Blubb on the Keyboard. Last night was really 
horror. My good old Mega STE did not run anymore. He throws always two nice 
bombs. Samurai said that it could be a bus error and that I should turn off 
the machine for fourr hours. After I have done e that I turned on the machine 
again and it works. But I did not know the mistake. I have found it an hour 
later. There were two much computers on the socket and my Mega STE did not 
get enough power for workingk right. But now I know it and everything is all 
right. I am really happy now. That is all for now but I want to send 
Greetings to Samurai and Lucky of ST for helping me. Thank you very noch.. 
Bye bye.# 
 
11:58 
 
Now 
 
this 
 
is 
 
line 
 
number 
 
1700 
 
exactly 
 
*************************** HERE ******************************************* 
 
(Quark of G.O.) 
 
12:05 Hello here's MaNtRa of DaWn again, I just am taking a rest from 
re-pixeling an old font by myself coz ButtHead needed one for his little 
demo, it actually looks a bit like a font that Tanis once made (like the one 
in Mdemo 3/4) well there isn't very much motivation on the side of ButtHead 
coz he is listening to 'Ome Henk', one of My favourite shit-Cd's it's so 
crammed full of stupid jokes AND violence you just laugh yer BOLLOCKS off (if 
you hear it for the first time anyway (and if you can understand Dutch..) 
well next to me is a guy who probably wants to write so CIAO!! 
 
12:15 Hi there! ZONK / TFC is hackin' again! A short time before I had to cut 
my MOD down to 2 Minutes and 30 Secundes, coz the MODs for the competition 
will be played just for 2,5 Minutes. The ST-Computer is now here too... see 
in one of the next Issues of the ST-Computer. So long...! 
 
12:50 Toby is auf durchreise zu Versuchsperson nochma vorbeigekommen. Hi und 
      Tschuess!!! 
 
13:17 Yo, poppers, this is fried again, at work on the demo but rite now 
      i had to punish a few people for their existance with my ultra mean 
      hammer from hell. the party rulez a lot, although the inevitable aroma 
      of 100000 smelly people has kicked in this morning. for all who dont 
      know this: do NOT go outside!! one can never come back in, as the 
      stench here is horrible. the correct description would be: 
      it smells as if every cow in this part of our galaxy had eaten 100 
      tons of vomit of a person sick on rotten fish and they would simult 
      aneously fart into your nose at 180 km/h. but being here feels like 
      the devil riding a crimson and chrome caddilac at 280 mph on the 
      highway to hell through the silently screaming souls of evil lining his 
      way as he inflicts eternal pain on them. what was i sayin anyway?? 
      more people need to be punished. sorry. fried off 
 
13:30 Aw C'mon lets go for line 1800 and make this one big motherfuckin' 
      article. 
      Type something and make your grandchilderen proud !? 
 
      A very dizzy and sleepdrunk Slimy Slim Slimer signing of pffff.... 
 
13:40 Ok, here is the well known SPoCK of MyStIc ByTeS speaking 
      what to say, i have been at this shitty place for now 2 days 
      and i am still awake... Ok, I slept a bit... But i am back 
      with my head.... the guys from New Trend are hoping they 
      the can place the first one at the coding competition but 
      i think they wont succeed. Crewl, Lets better start moving 
      some light-sourced textures in TrueColor instead of watchin 
      this boring screen.... waiting for the effect? ok, here it comes 
      3... 2... 1... Zoom! April, April, it was a lie.... it is 
      again this boring screen.... I must say, that the other rooms 
      at this party are quite silent.... But at our room there are 
      the Dutch Ones and so there are always nice beats in the  
      Background :-))) So, then lean back dude and enjoy the shit# 
      the other guys are typing... Stop, by the way, do you know 
      the deadly joke: 
      There were two peanuts walking down the strasse.... 
      One of them was a salted..... HAHAHA... You are still livin? 
      Whats up, did The guys from Monthy Phyton lie and the joke 
      won`t work on ST Computers.... Nobody knows.... 
      CYA... 
14:23 We are going out for a picknick outside with loadsa ranja( y'a know 
      it's that very sweet drinking stuff) 
 
15:05 And now we'rebaack again. It was raining outside but who cares... 
 
15:14 Jeah, We're baaack agehn. I em Niggy from ze Frensj Amiga Sien. I wil 
now writ sum moor genitals de boeuf on anautre ST.t  
 
16:02 Ooh here`s again Quark... 
      I`ve got nothing to do at the moment...well, normally I would be 
      working on our new demo called "Gravity" (Again a kind of a sound- 
      demo !), but since I did already write the source for the main routine 
      at home on paper (!), it would be stupid if I would write it again 
      here. After all, I think parties are too loud that you can work. 
      I can`t work with all this noise around me. 
      But I can tell you a little story ! 
 
      (zzzziiiooouuu....bash !.....wump !) 
      (a full cokebottle flys on Quark`s head and he fells off the chair) 
 
16:18 Haaii ich ben Monique 
 
16:25 Quark nervt schon wieder... 
      I hope the pizzas will be ordered soon, I haven`t eaten anything 
      today... 
      Well, let`s tell you the little story of...(zzziiioouuu....ka-wumm !) 
      (A granate hits Quark on the head and he fells off the chair) 
 
17:00 Hallo Monique, kom je vanavond even langs ????? 
      Als je binnen komt is het aan de linkerkan de laatste slaapzak. 
      P.s. als je thai's bent ,ik heb wel een Thai's woordeboek 
      Afz. die ene knappe van de DBA...(dat kan er maar een weze !!!) 
                    " yep die leuke Bonus" : sezz MaNtRa 
 
17:02 Powa again bashing at der keeyz!!!  Guess what???  Butthead just spilt 
some FANTA into is ST.  Looks like we won't get our shortro finished in time. 
 But who cares???  It looks as if it will be a good lil' demo. 
 
17:15 Bonus staat lekker op de foto, together with the rest of the 
party-dudez... by the way I am your host MaNtRa and I'm sitting next to Bonus 
who's just playing Cybermorph on the Jag. I'm not sure if it will be possible 
to finnish pixeling the font in time for the demo-deadline is reached, but 
I've done a lot of them already and it's a costly job to re-pixel a 3-plane 
font in CrackArt using a VGA monitor, coz it always looks bad... doesn't 
matter tthough coz if I won't make we maybe could use it for some of our own 
stuff. Well I guess I will continue the ,by now nearly Famous , 
Pinkeltje/QWERTY story ... So here we go:  Our hero  had just escaped from 
the beautyful sight of the flea and was heading for an airport, arriving at 
it , he immediateley notices the big grey thingy and I'm having WRITERS-block 
and I hate myself for it.. so I'll just type some shit and I'll get around to 
it later, It's just phine according to slemir .. oh execute me I mean Slimer 
ofcourse. welll, I shit around the bush in realtime phuckin' ball-crushing 
Fpu processor modulating deep space inverting Virtual Reality chair wich is 
really amazing coz this sentence is really crappy and it's actually all 
bollock's, and i'm not really into this chair i'm on top of it... Hmm that 
could have been funny but it wasn't.. I hope there will be some really good 
screens produced for the competition, that way I can take  em home with me 
and show em off to my Amiga friend who tries to shit all over the 
capabilities of the Falcon and comparing it to th A1200 (wich is really 
stupid, and I think you understand why!!!) .. Slimey has just penetrated a 
bag of paprika-chips with his BARE hands!! That is really amazing when you 
realize that he is reading this text at the time of writing.. Hi SLimer! we 
all love you... (some more than others.. OOOOOH he's crying over it, do we 
mind? NOOOO!! We like seeing him cry, coz it's a neat subject to continue 
bullshitting about on this really timely (p)article. so he was crying, he's 
not anymore.. Again eating all the paprika-flavoured Chippies, that are all 
doomed to die in very small portions at a time , and while being digested in 
this HUGE bag of vomit-producing slimeyness they have to smell his body-odor 
also WITHOUT any means of escape, which is actually really sad coz they could 
have lead a very productive life inside the aluminum-bag in which they were 
contained... Maybe even forming a new sort of fungus... Chrome just made this 
brill remarkthat this was all shit, and that Havoc and I are champions in 
writing BullShite, this could have been a really nice gesture, If there was a 
competition on this party with wich WE would be able to win thousands of 
german Dmarks (or not depending on my various ).. there is something missing 
from that sentence there, doesn't matter, will make it into a game... 
 ----- guess the word---- (c) MCMXIV by DaWn 
You have 3 choices for the first word (previous sentence, which put me up to 
dis!) 
  
a) Penetrations 
b) Idea's 
c) Piercings    Please Choose NOW 
 
 
Ok here comes the next sentence : 
 
I could ofcourse.. 
 
a) Stop 
b) Suck the chimney 
c) Lick your anus      Please choose NOW 
 
 
If your mother was  .... I would  be so happy. 
 
a) sick 
b) dead 
c) sucking a certain part of an anatomy-professor's dream. 
 
stupid idiotic game innit! Did you get them all right? Good then you win a 
free walking trip to rome, (Hotel expenses not include) 
Anyway who would be reading this shit, everybody scrolled past it years ago. 
.......... Slimer knows what was typed here originally, Not for DBA release. 
Censored, it was too gory (NO IT WASN'T) anyway enuff crap, but I'll be back 
just like the person known to us all as Schwarzenegger (and the problem is , 
he is BACK, all the time)  Signing of from CRAP-Duty MaNtRa of DaWn... 
 
 
18:21 Powa and Butthead are doing silly things with arrows ( is certainly 
      original ) !! 
      Got to mac....   (and these sentences took him allmost 25 minutes!! 
                        ;MaNtRa) 
18:29 Now we have reached the deadline an i`m finished with my productions. 
      Let`s hope that the Demo`s are ready....Connor ! 
18:35 Hoi    => HaPpY hApPy JoY jOy..... mAnTrA 
 
18:40 uuuuuuffff..... it`s 10 minutes after deadline, and i just finished 
      that fucking module for aura`s shorttro in time  - i bet there are  
      lots of errors in it, but who cares ?! i surely don`t..... D0MM/AM 
 
 
18:56  hi dis is fried, time sucks. 
 
19:03 Our (New Trend) Demo is now ready...We are the first one...But the 
      others have 45 min left to the new deadline...jeldrik ist doof... 
      PC Rules... 
 
19:10 Was ist das denn fur scheisse, PC doesn't rule, There's no such thing 
as a computer that rules.. Never ever say that again, at least not untill you 
get your video acces sorted out.... 
 
19:20 Today was eastern. Some guys from AVENA hide some eggs. But never 
      mind, I`ve got a whole sack full of eggs (says Danny O. and smiles) 
      In fact thats not really true, because mine are non boiled eggs. 
 
      Okay, now a realtime RAP : 
 
      Sitting in my chair, smelling like dead, 
      Life is drivin' me crazy, gotta gun to my head, 
      laughing in a line, german blow jobs are  bad, 
      Believin' that I was havin' fun, that I never ever had. 
 
      Searching for a big mama, stinky and rich, 
      Gonna show that mama' "I'm a bad SONOVABITCH!!!" 
      I take ma guns and hit the street, 
      With a feeling in ma' body, movin to a kickin' beat!! 
 
      That guy`s got a horrible wreck of a face, 
      If he fucks with me, his butt's all over the place!! 
      So I slam his face and break his eggs, 
      He's screamin' out his gutts, as I watch him beg. 
 
      But I don`t care, wanna smell his blood 
      As spread parts of his body over the neighbourhood. 
      Arrivin police makes me laughing , because, 
      They sayin' that I'm guilty, when I never was. 
 
      So made a story with the words in my favour, 
      If I`ll met his fat mama, I`ll undertake her. 
      So he heard ma' words and he got real pissed, 
      We took our guns, shot both and HE missed. 
 
      Now sitting in a fucking jail, 
      No way that judge gonna' put me out on bail!!! 
      That`s not too bad, coz enough suckers are in here, 
      In jail full of deadbeats, with a stinky smell of beer. 
 
      So hear my rap, and NEVER be like me. 
      Coz whem you do that, it`s hard to pay that fee. 
      With the 4 walls around me, I'm losin' ma' mind, 
      Searchin' for a better life I'll never find. 
 
      POWA sez... Sees yas laters... (TM4). 
      Danny O. thinks of that I'll keep our rhyme in mind. 
      ( rap it to the rythm of old McDonald has a farm ... ) 
      Yeah, CRAP RULES ! ( AND DUTCH GIRLS ! ( AND DEAD-END BEER ! ) ) 
 
19:49 I have no idea what I should write. So I stop it. 
 
 
20:04 Comment on the last remark made before he made his last remark... 
      He's completely right, except for the beer, there HeInEkEn rules and if 
      ya gotta problem widatt suk ya dikk untill itz bleu!!! 
                           (guess who wrote that (MaNtRa(hint there!!)) 
 
21:54 At the moment we have the Grafics-Competition going, but I won`t 
      vote coz it`s impossible to vote. In the Music-Competition, there 
      were dozens of modules, almost all were extremely good, but You 
      did only have one chance to hear one module. It was impossible 
      to remeber the first modules at the end ! After all, I had a little 
      talk with another guy who contributed with one of his mods and 
      we both were of the opinion, that the boxes were much too much 
      bass-overpowered. My mod for example consists of a sweet melodie 
      and some girlie-cries. The only thing You`ve heard from it were 
      the bassdrums ! I can`t remember that I`ve included THAT loud 
      bassdrums ! Many other mods had the same problems. 
      As soon as the Demo- and the Shortro-competition starts, I`m going 
      to vote. I hope there will be less than 100 demos ! 
       
      But now, I`m going to tell you a little story... 
      (zzzzziiiiioooouuuu.......crash !........bazong !......... 
      zzzzziiiiiiioooouuuuu.......ba-woosh !) 
      (Quark is getting attacked by some rockets but succesfully defends 
      with his patriot-rockets.) 
       
      (Fruehlings-)Quark 
 
22:15 
     jaja, ..., hmmmm, tja, . 
22:16 
     Wir waren da und gleich sind wir wieder weg ... 
22:19 Hey Integer, wir waren DOCH angeln und die Testfahrt war auch nicht so 
      besonders... 
      Hi Matt !!! Kuck mal wer da spricht ... Mike !!!  
    
      harTcore rules anyway ... Fucking Hostile  
      
22:25 Well, I have just returned from the shorttro, GfX and Mod competition 
showdown. Everything as usual down there, except one thing: The shorttro by 
Aura. Imagine this: you make your routines before the party, you organise the 
same party, and guess what? You evenly think that you are ought to win the 
main prize (a Jaguar)!!! I gues that's a real ego-trip for them, but anyone 
else will notice that they are plainly cheating... If Aura is really as cool 
as they think themselves to be, they should leave the competition at once. 
Not that it was a bad demo (it was the best one shown during the competition 
showdown), but this smells like fraud. And I (and the rest of the Dutch 
scene) don't like that. So here's the main message again: 
 
BE COOL, AURA, AND LET THE COMPETITION BE AS HONEST AS EVERYONE ELSE WANTS IT 
TO BE. 
 
(BTW, if you want the Jaguar that bad, just buy it!). XXXXX0 signing off to 
eat some peanuts. 
 
               
12:20 MaNtRa WOOOOOOOOOOOOWW!!!!! Those demo's were so incredible , Bye Bye 
Amiga, Pc and everybody else Falcon rules MAJOR!"!!! 
 
12:45 fine, fine, fine ! Thinx are going fine....  The Demos were more than 
cool, they were KEWL !!!   So, we are going to verarsch some people again ! 
   bye bye, Integer of Risk signing off (and now going with JET(i) and Fried 
to arsch all those Dosen-Lovers !!! 

