DEATHBRINGER

                         D E A T H B R I N G E R 

The third game I'am going to write something about is Deathbringer. 
This is one of the two games who are good. 

When you start the game you first get an intro screen with some nice 
fast music. When you push a button it will load further. Then you get
I nice drawn picture of a house and some trees, and a giant who 
is screaming. (I don't know why, but it is still a fact. ) After a 
few moments a scrollrol comes down out of the sky, and knocks the giant 
down. You can read the scroll, but it is not very readable because of 
the small font that is used and the combination of colors of the font 
and paper. It is also awfull long, so I didn't pay much attention to it
and pressed fast on escape. Then the game will be loaded from disk two.
That you have to change disks will not be announced, but you only get a 
black screen. 

The game:
It is a very simple game, our hero dartels through the fields and meets 
some nasty persons who still seem to get some money of him. You have 
to slay them down. Our hero can not swim, and hates water so much that 
if he touches it some of his power will be lost. 
After the first level you have to pass some giants, who try to hit  
you with their fists or feet, when you passed them you go to level two.
After level two you have to pass a kind of fire-spitting dragon, and 
after level three you have to pass I big biting and hitting snake.
I didn't get further. 

I can not tell you more of the game then only my personal opinion.

The game is very nice. The graphics and parallax scrolling are very good.
The sound-effects are nice but not very super. The intro-music is good,
but very boring after a while. The animation is very good, but it is also
very funny to see the man walking in the way he does. 

It's a very nice game for a Sunday when you have nothing to do and you
are bored. More can I not say about it.




Text by O.T.M. of Digital.
 
