WWF_WRESTLEMANIA.

                         WWF WRESTLEMANIA. 

This game is also on two disks, just as the other games. 
The game is released by Ocean. 
When you start the game up by putting the disk a into the diskdrive
you get after a while the Ocean Logo, and after a while you get a 
black screen with a few circles moving on it and a music. Trough 
those circles you can see the background. I personally think this
is done very nice. After a few moments you can see the whole screen. 
You can choose for practicing, and wrestling for the belt. 

By pressing the fire button you come into an screen in which you can 
choose with which wrestler you want to wrestle. You can choose between
the Hulkster, the ultimate Warrior and the British Bulldog. 

If you have chosen a wrestler you have to change disks.  
The game is terrible. If you play  for the wrestling-belt, You first 
have to challenge your opponant.  After that, you are put in a the 
ring with your opponant.

This is the most terrible thing about the game. You can kick and hit 
your enemy. If the two men get a hold on each other then you must 
move your joystick left and right as fast as you can. If you have your
energy bar first at the top your wrestler will pick your enemy up and 
do his specialty on him.  If you move your joystick left and right 
the wrestler runs into the ropes and comes back and then you can choose
on which way you will hit your enemy.
You can also clime on the ropes into the corners and jump upon your 
enemy, and kick him down. 

You can also step out of the ring. If you do that for more than fifteen 
seconds or three times after each other the match is over. 

If the match is over you can choose to play again or to quit. You have 
three credits each time.  If you quit you have to change disks again, 
and the intro-screen will be loaded again.

My personal opinion:
The graphics are nice, but not spectacular and the sound-effects 
are bad. The constantly changing of disks, when you for example start
or quit a game is very irritating. 

I think this is a new kind of game, but it could have been done much
more better. 
I also think that this game is only for wrestle-fans, cause the rest
will be pretty soon bored by the game.



I think that this is enough for now. 


Text by O.T.M. of Digital


 
