LETHAL XCES

                     LETHAL XCES, WINGS OF DEATH II

This game is realy worth playing. It is also on two disks. On disk one
is the intro screen. The game is made by a few guys who also code
demo's. If I am not mistaking then they coded the hidden screen of 
the Year after demo. This great piece of software is very good coded, 
because the program runs also on a Mega Ste 4. If you don't know 
already, most of the games crash on a Mega Ste 4 because they don't know
what to do with so much memory. 

The loading time is very short and after a few  moments you are asked 
to change disks. Then you come in an option-screen in which you can 
choose between one or two players, you can choose between sound-effects,
music, and music with sound-effects. If you have an Ste you can also
choose for Blitter on and off. 

If you do nothing the high-score list is shown. If you press "P" then 
the list will be printed. If you still do nothing you get a demo of
the game. 

You flie with your plane over a slow moving but smoothly scrolling 
landscape. you have to shoot other planes and enemies. Some of them
give weapons when they are shot others give you money when they are 
shot. The money is just for extra points. When you pick up a weapon 
a voice says very clearly what kind of weapon you've just picked up.
For example: Laser, Seeker, Triangle, Monster, Drone, Police. Some 
of the enemies give a skull when you flie over them. They make 
you loose power or loose an extra powerfull weapon. You can make 
an extra powerfull weapon by collecting every time the same weapon.
If you have already enoug of that weapon it just gives a kind of 
explosion what will destroy the enemies around you. 


Personal opinion:
It is a very good game. I think it is better then Xenon II because it
doesn't have to load as much as Xenon II and also scrolls smoother. 
The graphics are more than good, and I can also say that for the musics
and sound-effects. 

I can not say more of this game then: go buy it, admirer it, and play 
it.





Before I end this last text I would like to thank the DBA, and 
especially Bonus (He will know what for I hope)



Text by O.T.M. of Digital.




