DISKMAG ROUNDUP P2
~TROEP.FIL~

Crash

 A  description  of this magazine goes like "A guide to traveling  through  the 
underground.  Alternative travel stories,  hints and tips". And that's all that 
is  known,  except  for  the fact that the editors  are  John  Labovitz,  Miles 
Poindexter and Nigel French.
 Status: Public Domain, online.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Not known.
 Address: 519 Castro #7, San Francisco, CA 94114, USA, email johnl@netcom.com.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

CSC

 Nothing known about this, except for the fact that at least one issue was made 
and that it's in French.
 And that it actually exists, of course. Or maybe existed.

Cyberspace Vanguard

 This online magazine carries news and views of the Science Fiction and Fantasy 
universe.  Its editor is T.J.  Goldstein,  and the first,  preview,  issue  was 
released  in  December 1992.  The first real issue was Volume  1  Issue  1.  It 
features reviews,  articles,  columns,  interviews,  news,  etc., and is spread 
through at least 23 countries on six continents.  It is published approximately 
bimonthly,  but  the editor would eventually like to do it on a  monthly  basis 
provided enough people help with it.
 Personally,  I think this is one helluva brilliant magazine. I have never seen 
so  much hot news and stuff (also about future films and books in  general)  in 
one go.  No true fantasy/science fiction fan should be without this.  If he/she 
has email, that is.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Volume 2 Issue 3 (August 15th 1994).
 Address: Email cn577@cleveland.freenet.edu.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Daily Error

 Probably  abortive  attempt at a great magazine,  said to be  French  and  the 
replacement of another magazine (name unknown). It looked too much like I demo, 
is claimed.
 Their pre-issue/demo was released around 1991.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Very custom, yes.
 Latest known issue: The demo.
 Address: Irrelevant.
 Language: English.

DargonZine

 This is yet another on-line magazine.  Its editor is Dafydd Cyhoeddwr (I'm not 
sure whether this name should be taken seriously though, though I think this is 
considered a fairly standard name in Welsh).  Focuses primarily on fiction.  It 
does stories written for the Dargon Project,  a shared-world  anthology similar 
to (and inspired by)  Robert  Asprin's Thieves'  World   anthologies,   created 
by   David  "Orny" Liscomb in his now retired  magazine,  "FSFNet"  (Cf.).  The 
Dargon  Project centers around a medieval-style duchy called Dargon in the  far 
reaches of the  Kingdom of  Baranur on  the world named  Makdiar,  and  as such 
contains stories with a fantasy fiction and sword'n'sorcery flavour.  It surely 
sounds  very inspired.  The magazine seems quite prolific at times,  what  with 
1990, for example, seeing 11 issues. Quite irregular, it started in 1988.
 Early 1995 a "Best of" compilation was released:  "Best of FSFNet" on  January 
18th 1995.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Volume 7 Issue 6 (December 14th 1994).
 Address: Email white@duvm.bitnet.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

DBA Magazine

 A  widespread,  very  popular Dutch disk magazine with a user  interface  akin 
"Maggie" (the new version).  "DBA" had this kind of menu before "Maggie",  they 
claim.  Custom music,  nice menu, smooth working, multiple musical pieces, good 
graphics,  intuitive,  OK.  They  write in English but one of the  submenus  is 
devoted  to Dutch stuff which makes it stand out among the others.  They  tried 
doing monochrome versions,  but they're still colour-only so it seems.  Issue 4 
is a compilation of stuff that appeared in issue 1,  2,  3 and 5 (yes,  strange 
chronology  but true nonetheless).  Their recent issues - up to issue 9 -  have 
taken up two disks.  Issue 9 was the first attempt at Falcon compatibility  and 
as of Issue 10 it's Falcon only (and supplied on a HD disk).
 The  only  thing not totally perfect about "DBA" is that perhaps many  of  its 
articles are a bit bland and the English tends to have its own biorhythm  where 
general good quality is concerned.  They have different fonts but don't support 
text  styles.  Issue  11  is  a  transformation preview  kind  of  thing  to  a 
potentially totally renewed shell.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: A smooth and nice-looking custom one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 11 (February 1995).
 Address:   Postbus   506,   9200  AM,   Drachten,   the   Netherlands.   Email 
  gertk@ttgk.textlitho.nl.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English, with one column in Dutch.

Digital Disk Magazine

 Multi-format (ST/Amiga/PC) magazine, proclaimed non-elitist (you don't have to 
be in a demo crew),  offering coverage of topics such as Network News,  Digital 
Art,  68000 tutorial,  Software Reviews and,  yes, short stories. All different 
formats have a core of the same articles with added platform-specific stuff. It 
also offers PD programs and music modules.  It is distributed as "Magic  Shadow 
Archiver"  file,  and its editor is Steve Hill.  The first issue  was  released 
August 1993.  As of issue 4 it's subscription only,  which will set you back œ8 
for 4 issues or œ20 for 12.
 Status: Public Domain before Issue 4, sortof commercial after that.
 User interface: A GEM interface, not too brilliant and very slow.
 Latest known issue:  Christmas 1993.  Other source claims "issue 5" (I am  not 
  sure which is the latest).
 Address:   85  Ceres  Road,   Plumstead,  London,  SE18  1HL,  England.  Email 
  sh1aoy2@greenwich.ac.uk.
 Health: Alive?
 Language: English.

Digital Games Digest

 A modem magazine that concentrates on games reviews for all formats (including 
PC, ST, Amiga, handheld, consoles, etc.). Its editor is Dave Taylor.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: None.
 Latest known issue: Unknown.
 Address: Email taylor@limbo.intuitive.com.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Discbox

 A disk mag that took a 'new' approach to the concept,  by showing the articles 
as "Degas" pictures through a slideshow program. Articles were extremely brief, 
and  about 40-50 pics (i.e.  screen pages) appeared in one issue.  Lots of  the 
screens  were  dedicated to ads for the people who put it out,  which  are  the 
Prophecy P.D. Library folks. Colour only.
 Status: Commercial.
 User interface: No. Well, maybe 'yes' - a slideshow program.
 Latest known issue: Not known.
 Address: 1,571 Dumbarton Road, Scotstown, Glasgow G14 9XE, Scotland
 Health: Possibly dead. Not entirely certain, hence the address.
 Language: English.

Disk Magazin

 A  short-lived initiative by Timo Schmidt,  who after that became one  of  the 
staff writers of "Maggie" (Cf.) for a while.  "Disk Magazine" was published  in 
German, and had a user interface that was, certainly by today's standards, very 
clumsy to work with.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, a custom one.
 Latest known issue: Not known.
 Address: Not relevant.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: German.

Disk Magazin

 Apparently there is a second disk magazine of this name, this time produced by 
none other than The CareBears (TCB).  Haven't seen it myself,  but it's said to 
be bland and not much worth reading.  Even considering the status of TCB it was 
disappointing.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, a custom one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 1.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: English and another language (Swedish?).

Disk Space

 Though  still suffering from the odd bug in its fresh  user  interface,  "Disk 
Space"  is a promising disk magazine that we're likely to hear more of  in  the 
future.  Its editor is Jason Reucassel, who has nothing against publishing lots 
of fiction in his mag - good idea!
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. A custom one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 2. This is quite old by now, actually.
 Address: 10 Stewarts Way, Marlow Bottom, Marlow, Bucks SL7 3QL, England.
 Health: Alive?
 Language: English.

Disk Times

 A Finnish disk magazine,  but thank God (in whom I don't believe) it's written 
in  English.  It used to be produced by the Universal Coders  (UNC),  but  they 
either seem to have renamed into Armada or these new guys have taken over. Lots 
of  humour and stuff,  good soundtracks (they use tracker music).  Some  people 
find it a bit childish, though.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. A custom one like a large rotating drum.
 Latest known issue: Volume 1 Issue 5.
 Address: Unknown.
 Health: Dead
 Language: English.

Dizzy Diskzine

 This  is  not so much a regular disk magazine as a sort  of  disk-based  (non-
official) Dizzy Games helpline.  The 'magazine' is updated once every couple of 
months  and  includes all cheats and solutions to the  Dizzy  games  ("Treasure 
Island Dizzy" and the other Dizzy Codemasters games).  They're done by Chris M. 
Banham.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: None. Just text files.
 Latest known issue: Not applicable. Latest 'version' unknown.
 Address: 36 Chestnut Avenue, Euxton, Lancs PR7 6BS, England.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English. 

DNT Paper

 Although  the editorial contents are in French as well as  English,  this  mag 
leaves  a  good impression,  even though everything seems a bit  slow  (between 
screens,  'calculating' when going up or down a page,  etc.).  It's made by the 
DNT Crew,  consisting of two chaps that call themselves Flips & Pips.  It  only 
runs on colour.  As of the third issue the user interface is a lot better.  The 
fourth  issue proclaimed the mag's death,  but then came issue  5.  So  they're 
undead or something.  It's Falcon compatible,  at least as of issue 7.  It  was 
started in 1991.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, a custom one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 7 (April 1994).
 Address: 5, Bis Rue de Planchepaleuil, F-63200 Rion, France.
 Health: Alive, or undead maybe.
 Language: French and English.

Dream Forge

 This is the successor to "Random Access Humour" by Dave Bealer (Cf.) and  Rick 
Arnold's "Rune's Rag". It's a monthly email magazine that started with two free 
demo  editions  in  January and February 1995.  As  of  the  March  1995,  it's 
commercial.  Via  regular mail (on DOS disks) an annual subscription costs  US$ 
24, via Internet it costs US$ 12.
 Status: Commercial; first two issues Public Domain.
 User interface: None.
 Latest known issue: Issue 2.
 Address:  Dream Forge, Inc., 6400 Baltimore National Pike, #201, Baltimore, MD 
  21228, email addresses dbealer@dreamforge.com or rarnold@dreamforge.com.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Erotica

 A  new  defunct American porn magazine with a mediocre  ST  medium-res  shell, 
offering nudy pics, sex-phone stories and vibrator-and sex book-reviews.
 Status: Pubic Domain.
 User interface: Yes, GEM oriented thingy.
 Latest known issue: 2.
 Address: Irrelevant.
 Health: Died during The Act.
 Language: English.

Eye on Scene

 Well,  another one of those disk magazines that I only knew preciously  little 
about,  and only from second hand at that.  It's supposed to have a really good 
shell,  it's "different from the regular diskmag scene" and it's done by Tommy, 
a.k.a. Nirvana of ADM (is that "Admirables"?).
 Status: Most likely Public Domain.
 User interface: A custom one, supposed to be good.
 Latest known issue: Well...I guess they did at least 1...
 Address: Unknown.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English (I presume).

Fair Play

 A disk magazine that I only read something about.  No details are  known,  but 
the user interface is said to be crap, the articles few (something like 10) and 
its directory scattered (source: "RTS Track").

Falcon Magazine

 A weekly but unfortunately rather short-lived disk magazine especially for the 
Falcon.  The  first issue came out on June 28th 1993.  Its editor was  Jos  van 
Roosmalen.  The  first two issues were text files on disk,  less than 50 Kb  in 
size,  and  the  rest of the disk was filled with various source  material  and 
programs.  It is a shame that this magazine ceased to exist so quickly, because 
it  was a most excellent way to get the best from your Falcon,  even though  it 
was  written  in  Dutch.  Issue  3 (mid July) saw the  introduction  of  a  GEM 
interface, but it was very sloppy (though "MultiTOS" compatible!).
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Issue 3.
 Address: Not important.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: Dutch.

Falcon Update Digital

 A  Falcon  magazine that,  as of issue 6,  has a Falcon  specific  shell  that 
incorporates  such nifty things as 256 colour FLI  animation,  picture  display 
(GIF,  TARGA,  IFF and RAW),  DSP-replayed modules, multiple text windows open, 
and compatibility with "NVDI",  "MultiTOS", VGA, RGB and any TOS 4.xx. It's not 
as perfect as it sounds, but a good and sizeable magazine nonetheless.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes, an insanely hyper one.
 Latest known issue: Issue 8 (1995).
 Address: Not known.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

F.A.S.T.E.R.

 The  magazine that started everything with regard to a neat user  interface  - 
one  of the very earliest ST disk magazines,  having started somewhere  in  the 
autumn of 1986.  It was Canadian of origin,  and I seem to recall that some  of 
the  earliest issues had a set of English articles and their copies in  French. 
Later issues were English only.  They were the first that had a user interface, 
and  they  survived only a bit more than a year - probably  because  they  were 
commercial,  which  tends to make things more complicated than they need  be  . 
Last known issue was Volume 2 Issue 4, and I'm pretty sure that's the final one 
too.
 The "F.A.S.T.E.R." user group still lives on, so it seems.
 Status: Commercial.
 User interface: Yes. A custom one (the first one).
 Latest known issue: Volume 2 Issue 4.
 Address: No longer relevant.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: Used to be French and English. Later issues were only in English.

Fiction Online

 This magazine was launched in spring 1994 and features short stories, chapters 
of novels,  acts of plays and poems.  Initial contributors are associated  with 
the  Northwest Fiction Writers Group of Washington,  DC.  It will also  publish 
works by other authors and welcomes submissions from the public.  The editor is 
William (Bill) Ramsay.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: None.
 Latest  known  issue:  Volume 2 Issue 1  (January/February  1995,  the  fourth 
  issue).
 Address: Email ngwazi@clark.net.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

FSFNet

 This was the forerunner to "DargonZine" (Cf.).  It has in the mean time ceased 
publication.  A total of 11 issues appeared under editorship of "Orny"  Liscomb 
until 1988. No hands-on experience.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Volume 8 Issue 3.
 Address: Not relevant.
 Health: Dead.
 Language: English.

Funhouse

 This is,  hold on,  "the cyberzine of degenerate pop culture".  It started  in 
March 1993, and is written and edited by Jeff Dove. It covers a wide variety of 
topics, some of which are music reviews, concert reports, and books examined. A 
most excellent online magazine,  and don't let the name fool you into  thinking 
they're not at least halfway seriously interesting.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Volume 1 Issue 5 (October 20th 1994).
 Address: Email jeffdove@well.sf.ca.us.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

G.D.I.

 A  Spanish  true multi-format (ST/Amiga/PC)  magazine,  primarily  written  in 
Spanish,  too, but with some articles in English. It works on any ST/TT/Falcon, 
actually,  including  multi-tasking  operating  systems.  It  uses  a  kind  of 
"hypertext"  interface  where you can click on indices  causing  sublists  and, 
eventually,  articles  to  be loaded.  Actual content cannot quality  can't  be 
judged due to limited understanding of Spanish in yours truly.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: Yes, a custom one.
 Latest known issue: Volume 1 Issue 1 (March 12th 1994).
 Address: Email gdi@dtc.uvigo.es.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: Spanish, with some wee bits of English.

GEnieLamp Atari ST

 This  is the resource magazine covering the Genie (BBS system) ST  RoundTable. 
It offers all information that could otherwise be found on Genie, comprising an 
enormous  amount  of up-to-date information.  It is weekly  released  in  ASCII 
format,  but  uses some sort of indexing system within the text.  Sometimes  it 
offers pictures as well.  It is published by T/TalkNET, and the editor is Bruce 
Faulkner.  There are "GEnieLamp" magazines covering Amiga,  PC and MacIntosh as 
well.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Volume 3 Issue 72 (July 22nd 1994).
 Address: Email genielamp@genie.geis.com.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.


