CEBIT 93
                         __       ___  _ _____   , _  __
                        /  \  __  |  \ |   |      |_| _/
                       |     /__\ |--{ |   |        |  \
                        \__/ \__, |__/ |   |        /  /
                                
                        REvIewed by >jMS of AnImaL mIne<         
                        
Since the last year the CeBIT was quite lame when you look on to Atari, nobody
had thought that you could have such a nice time there this year ! Ofcourse
again the Amiga dudez were a lot more people, but look in my Paddy'93 review  
                      
in this Issue, If DBA had included it !! Okay, I was on CeBIT 4 (four!!) times
this year, but ofcourse the day where everybody was there, was the Saturday
like every year !! A dude called Integer slept at my home over the weekend !
First Shadowmaster and a friend of him (Masque-TRSI guy (Amiga)) should come
also, but the train costs too much ! But then Friday evening Sethos phoned my
(22:00 cet !) and said that they will come, too ! I said :" Yow, great(-Yawn-)
yu take Shadowmaster with you !!" And than Sethos,Titan and Shadowmaster was
there. We should meet at 11:00 cet at the Atari place, but nobody was there.
But than I met Shadowmaster and we talked a bit and he showed my sum GFX from
him on the Falcon (On to the Atari-Presentation later!) I don't remeber every-
body, but I think thus ones were present: Shadowmaster,Titan,Sethos,jMS (Me!)
of AnImAl mIne , Chris of Aura (Always very nice to meet you, Albstadtkiller)
then Stallion of Channel38 (See you in your Party !!) and Sodan of Stax. I
think there were sum other guys from Stax and Channel38, but I didn't talked
to them. Then sumbud from Light was there. I heard rumours that they will re-
lease a first Falcon production on the CeBIT, but I saw nothing ... That were
the guys that were there ! 
Now to Atari itself. the whole place were full of Falcons, with full Harddiscs
where you could rip off the HOTTEST programs and nobody disturbed you, because
there were too much people for the Atari guys... but OFCOURSE we didn't do so!

Hey everybody ! Buy originals ! Only that way the Falcon will survive ! Okay,
and some TT's were there also ! The Programmers on Atari made quite many 
Programs for the Falcon, which are mostly running on every Atari 680x0 machine
but use the special features of the Falcon... I will give you some Infos about
the Programms shown there. but first one good thing about the (new) Atari-
strategy ! They support every new release for the Falcon, and they don't let
the professional programmers do shit on their own. So a great compatibility
and hot Infos direct from Atari. Atari works now together with the programmers
and that is very good ! but now the New releases:

Emulation: 
         Falcon Speed- A hardware emulator with a 286 Porcessor with a
          Special windows-PRG to run it fast like hell ! I worked with it and
          I must say, that It goes as fast as the original 386 version. At
          this time te Video modes are supported: CGA,EGA,VGAmono ! but a
          new software will support full VGA 16 and 256 colours ! And together
          with the Screen Blaster from Overscan Berlin you should do full
          SuperVGA with 800x600x256 !!!

         Falcon GCR-  The famous Macintosh Emulator for the Falcon. It wasn't
          there, so I couldn't test it on my own, but I can say that it is
          very good and you simply but it to the ROMport !

Paint Programs:

         Prism Paint- A program that supportst EVERY viedomode, but isn't that
          good ! I used it to draw the Pictures in my Articles in this Issue,
          once again, IF DBA have included them !

         Synthetic Arts- I couldn't tel it on my own, but it should support 
          many cool Effekts even in the Interlaced- Modes !

         True Paint-   Very good program !! Fast and good and cheap ! I  
          tested it and it is good ! It supports lots of formats like every 
          GIF, TIF, IFF and even JPEG !

         Cranach Paint- Sum DTP Programm that isn't that interesting for us 
          Demo freax ! But it is VERY professional !

         Chagall-  Look above ! This one supports full Multitaskign (Like 
          every other on Falcon) and full 24Bit Truecolour Pictures !!

         D2M- A little gem Paint Proggy from the French guys "PARX"
          Meridian- It is similar to prism paint

         Eclipse Paint- I think this is the BEST proggy, because it is done by
          the  Eclipse team which was all Democoders/GFXer/SFXer and it should
          be similar to Neochrome, but MUCH better !
          By the way: Crackart runs !

         Photo Studio- A retouche Program to work on scanned and digitized 
          things! Supporst ful Falcon and 24Bit and is quite cheap !
         Photo Studio Pro- a 32bit Retouche programm ! YEAH ! Everything is 
          done with the DSP !
         TIMIX- 32Bit Retouche for ALL Atari 680x0 , I think !          
         Falcon DynaCADD- A New Falcon Version of this 3D-Program !

         Raytracing (Yes, also this one !!)
         Phoenix- very good Modeler Program ! Supports True(Hi)colour and 
          CAD 32D Objects, Textures and Animations !
         Chloe- As you hear ... A french one ! Uses DSP and Coprocessor
          and should be very good.
          Uses avery Videomode from ST low to Falcon high,true !

         InShape- I think you know it from the TT. This one is the most 
          professional and runs also on Falcon and Multitos !

Animation

         Autodesk Animator- the VERY good PC Proggy is now also aviable on our
          Falcon !

         Toki Line Test- Is a Genlock Proggy which supports everything and is 
          the follower of Yeti Line test. Quite  strange name, I think. 
         Toki Story- You can edit a whole Storyoard for a professional Movie 
          with this one !
          Toki Toons- A Cartoon Storyboard Program liek "Cartooners" on PC !
         Toki Video- You can edit you own Videos with it. Features functions 
          like cut and so on !

         Morphing fun Machine- The first True(Hi)Colour Morphing Software 
          especially for the Falcon !

         DA's Vektor- Vektor and Pixel Aniamtions basing on the Didot Lineart
          Desktop including Morphing effects !
         DA's Picture- Retouche Software with special effects for "Normal"
          Users
      
Video:
         Screen Blaster- A Video Extension that you plug in the Video Port
          without opening your Falcon. IT features than 800x600x256 or
           880x608x16 on SVGAmonitors !! Wow. costs about 150 Deutschmarks !

         Over Genlock- A genlock Interface fom OverSCAN Berlin which uses the
          Falcon's Overlay mode !

         Matrix "Grabbler"- A digitizer with 2 frames a second which
          also supports higher resolutions togther with the Matrix GFXcards!
         Home Video Kit- A Pack with True Colour Digitizer , Genlock and
          titel Generator for less than 200$ !!!

         JRI Genlock- Especially performed for the Falcon !               
                                  
         JRI "Grabbler"- Realtime and True(Hi)colour ! A great Digitizer !!

         TC Video Digitizer- True Colour PAL/SVideo Digitizer for the ROMport.
          Realtime with 256 colours at lowres !!!

         Color Thing- The Falcon's Version from the Amiga Paint Program Paint-
          Thing. A 24Bit GFX Card for Deltapaked Animations i JPEG ! Loox
          great !

And even more multimedia to come:

      JVC Interface- A new MGeneration- An Interface that is able to Controll
          all JVC Products like CD,DAT,CDV,Tuner,Amplifier... ALL !

      Picture Telephone- A program like the Picturephone or WinTV !

      Micosoft Bookshelp FrontEnd- Software t use the Microsoft's Bookshelp.
      
      Comics Maker- A program like Cartooners or Tokitoons on Falcon !

      Bit Bopper- Shows GFX when an Audio Signal comes in ! Like the Light-
           Effekts oin A disco with Bitmaps !
           
Programmer's tools:

      HiSoft basic 2- Supports the New Falcon Features and is similar to the 
           HiSoft Basic for the STs !

      Devpac 3- Everybody should know this great assembler !

      Latice C 5.5- A professional ANSI C Compiler for MultiTOS and SpeedoGDOS
      Assembler/ADebug IV-The fastest 68030 Assembler in the world ! (??)

      Pure C and Pure Pascal in their Falcon versions. Includes DSP Libraries
           and Supports MultiTOS / SpeedoGDOS

      GFA Basic 4.0- From Richter Distributor Germany. This one is fully new
           programmed and now Full GEM Compatibel and full Falcon supporting !
           should be greater than the former version, which are quite old
           now !

      FalcOS- Great !!! The Falcon Version of the VERY good AMOS on Amiga !
           It is an AMOS PRO Version !
      DSP-Moo- Modular Object Programming Language for the DSP !
      
Music & Audio:

      D2D Edit- Stereo Direct-to-Disc System.

      4T FX- Direct-to-Disc with 4 Channelsand additional DSP Effects. 
      Contains the CuBase Direct to Disc-Modul !

      Notator Logic- A Notator Audio Version from the programm Notator SL !

      Cubase Audio- The Falcon ubase Version. The "old" Cubase won't run on
           Falcon. t is an Direct-to-Disc Verson of Cubase 3.0

      DigiTape- 6 tracks including DSP Effects.

      Planet- Sequencer with Functions and Realtime DSP Compression.

      MusiCom- Only 2 Tracks featuring DSP Effects

      SMPTE Track Platinum- A Midi Sequencer
      SPDIO- SPDIFDigital Interface for D2D Edit. It runs the Falcon's Sound-
           Subsystem at 44.1 or 48 Khz !

      4I/4O- 4 Stereo Anaolg Inputs and outputs with highquality Delta Sigma 
           Compression.

      AD64X- " Channel (16 Bit Delta Sigma Ultraline) Analog-Digital 
           Transforming with 64times Oversampling and 3 Line Phase Anti-Alias
           Filters with integrated Microfone amplifier Function ! Phew !
      
Tools and Busines:

      Blackmail- Voice Mail System for The Falcon's DSP-Subsystem. Should be
           great !

      Atari Works-Integrated Programpackage with Tetprocessor,Spreadsheat and
           Database. Atari Works supports Speedo-GDOS but is is so FUCKIN'SLOW
           that You have to Vomit !!! Atari can't do it ! but they needn't. 
           They just have to do good Hardware and OperatingSystems (On to this
           later !)

      NVDI Falcon- Wow !! An  Falcon NVDi Version. I think compared to an ST
           with Blitter and TOS 1.2 this should be c. 1000-2000% higher GFX-
           speed... But I don't know exactly.

      Superbase 4.0- relatinal Database
      
Games (Yow!)

      Ishar- Adventure, RPG. A great ga,me, now out in it's 256 Colours
           Version and Sample Sounds better than ST Quality !

      Transarctica- Startegy game-- GREAT work !

      Yuppie's Land- After "Yuppie's Revenge" (By the way: Is there sumbud who
           want to buy my original ?? No ??! As i thought !) this is an Arcade
           Game with Fast scrolling featuring the Hardwarescrolling. It should
           by as good as Sonic !!

      Vroom ][- Oh my god.. I dislike Vroom 1, but the Falcon Vroom ][is great
           4 Player on 1 Screen Splitted up !!! With 4 Joysticks at once !!
           Wow. Great fun with this peace of quality game software !          
                     
      Suriya- Adventure

      Black Sect- Adventure

      Space junk- Adventure

      Raiden- Arcade Conversion

      Road Riot- Coin Up Conversion

      Steel Talons- 3D Simulation similar to Comanche, I think !

      Cyber Assault- 3D Adventure in Falcon Version. Quite funny, but it won't
           last long !

      Tornado Flight Simulator- What is it, dude ??!

      Striker- EUROPEAN SOCCER GAME

      Eclipse- Great 3D Vector Game with DSP Usage. Features huge Worlds with
           3D Vectors. They can by Lightsource and even shaded in Reltime
           50 frames a second (50 seconds a minute- 60 minutes an hour- 24
           hours a day- MTV !)

      Humans- Falcon Version of Dinolympics

      Daughters of Serpents

      Rome AD72

      Harrier Avs-Flight Simulator

      Chaos Engina- 16 Bit Quality game (??)
      
And last but not least the System software... I asked N.Kowalewski about the
new MutliTOS / SpeedoGDOS, and he said that MultiTOS is ready but isn't 
bundled with the Falcons yet. But it comes with an update and our needn't 
pay for this. SpeedoGDOS is ready , too, but he don't know if the update is 
costless ! Later on the Falcon will be bundled with MutliTOS+SpeedoGDOS and
Atari Works, but no only sum Tools are on the Harddisc. But you see, we 
already have a huge software pool featuring the Falcon a ca. 60% of the old
programs will run even if they aren't gem-compatibel !!! I have these Infos
from an Atari-Booklet which I got from the Fair. I translated the comments
into english and added my opinion, if I have seen the Programs ! There were
also sum other Atari supporting stands near the Atariplace, but nothing
special. the "Heim verlag" featured a mouse with 290DPI and Amiga/Atari-
switch. Now I call it my own (hehe!) it costs about 30 Deutschmarks. This is
quite okay !! Beneath that, I bought a mousepad from Hisoft where the Atari-
and Amiga ASCII Character Set is printed on, and I need this because of
doing nice ANSI Logos (the "ArtOfANSIIing") So, that was it from the CeBIT !
                        
                          ! C U in 1994 !

                                                                    jMS / aM !
                

