FALCON 030

                           Opinion of Falcon 030
                           ---------------------

Falcon  030,  the  latest  mega-computer  from  Atari,  has  now  been
officially released... But what will this new machine do to this scene
we all know so well?

The earliest versions of FALCON have  some  errors which shows up when
you are trying to use old  Yamaha  sound-chip (the one from old STFM).
Atari have said, that this mistake  (?)  won't be repaired. But I have
heard rumours, that they will sell this '030 only in England, and then
release a new version at the beginning of 1993. That new version would
have all the errors fixed and it would be spread all over the world.

Effects on the demo-scene of ST  will  be really amazing. I think that
during the year 1993 about 30-50%  of  ST-owners are moving to FALCON.
It means that good demos/disk-magazines  will  be released on this new
wonder-machine.

The other effect is not so good:  old ST-scene will soon disappear. It
wouldn't disturb me so much,  but  I'm  sure  that  I can't get FALCON
before 1993-1994... But if you can afford it then just buy it! It will
certainly be worth every user...

There are now (8.12.1992)  much  software  for  FALCON already. Games,
assemblers and painting-programs  have  been  done  already, and there
will be hundreds of programs coming for it next year! So nobody should
be afraid of the software available for this machine...

What about enemies? Amiga is one, but it will lose it's battle against
this superior FALCON (Amiga 1200 maybe good, but so what)... The enemy
that is much more dangerous  is  386/486-machines  with super VGA. But
fortunately the battle won't be  so  cruel, because both machines have
their own areas. But anyway,  I  hate  those  PC-machines, and I think
that FALCON will be a destruction for  them (at least if Atari is able
to finish that FALCON 040).

So, the future of Atari looks like  this  to  me: the old STs and STEs
will disappear from shops  before  1994,  but  they  will  be used and
supported 'til 1996-1997. While this  all  is  happening the FALCON is
conquering markets from PC and  Amiga.  It  will be a market-leader at
the beginning of 1994.

If you disagree with me, that's  all  right,  because this was just my
personal opinion of the  future  of  Falcon.  But  no  matter what you
think, just buy that great machine!


                                                SANDMAN / FLASH   1992

