FALCON OPINION

    What sort of future is  in  store  for the Falcon?  If piracy
    starts of as strong on the  Falcon   as   it  is on the ST at
    the moment, I believe that  in  less  than  a year the Falcon
    will be dead, or as near as damn it.

    How have I come to  this  startling  view,  read on and find
    out...

    There is no escaping  from  the  fact  that MANY, MANY people
    have bought an  ST  (or  for  that  matter,  any  other home
    computer), for the sole  reason  that  they  can get free (or
    cheap) pirated software.  Piracy on  any  home computer is an
    unavoidable fact of life, and as such there is no point in me
    going into  the  effects  it  has  had  on  the  present home
    computers.

    The Falcon is a new  standard  in home computing (beating the
    A1200 to a pulp. How many sound  channels?  What speed is the
    68020 running at?  Sorry, I  couldn't  resist taking the piss
    out of it, although the English  computer press seem to think
    the A1200 is the best thing  since  the dawn of time...), and
    what do you think will happen  when, say, 20,000 Falcons have
    been sold, but software sales stay  around the 5,000 mark (or
    even less!).  As far as I  can  tell, the ONLY thing that can
    happen is that  the  various  software  houses will gradually
    stop  producing games,  (I  hate  it  when  games  are called
    "product", what about you?), and  soon  after that the Falcon
    will be (as good as) dead in the home computer market.

    And all because YOU  can't  be  bothered  to buy any original
    games, doesn't it make you feel like a complete wanker?

    Now I realise that a  lot  (or   at  least, a few) people who
    read this  (most  excellent)  disk   magazine   will  have no
    connection with piracy, but  the  major  source  of spreading
    for  any  diskzine  is  the   piracy  "circuit".    If   disk
    magazines where sold  ONLY  through  PD   libraries   then  I
    don't  believe that they would be very well  spread  at  all.
    So  some people should ignore  the previous paragraph, but  I
    think that this is not to many people.

    You may say  that  "Piracy  hasn't  harmed  the  ST", I won't
    disagree, piracy is not the  reason  the  ST is in it's death
    throws, it's because it's  outdated  machinery, and being out
    classed by the Amiga isn't  helping  it.  But I digress (say,
    am I starting to  sound  like  ST  News?),  the reason piracy
    didn't harm the ST when it was  a "new" is because it was not
    so  wide  spread,   especially   when   compared  to  todays
    standards.  Piracy on the ST is now a -B I G- business, games
    are spread far and wide, on many occasions before they get to
    the shops, how long do  you  think  it  would take for the ST
    piracy scene to destroy the Falcon, at most two years? Less?

    The most obvious way of  curing  this problem if you're going
    to have the urge to pirate every bit of software you get hold
    of is, not to buy  a   Falcon.   (Believe me, you'll be doing
    the rest of us a favour!)  Alternatively,  if you simply MUST
    have a Falcon the only thing  I  can  suggest is that you try
    to buy a game every month or two, this way the games that are
    worth buying will (hopefully)  sell  in  quite large numbers,
    this will make the software  houses  happy (remember, even if
    you despise  them,  they  are  trying  to  run  a  successful
    business), and more companies  will  start  writing games for
    the Falcon.

    I pray that this article will have  an effect on the many ST-
    moving-onto-Falcon crackers and swappers,  please don't do it
    guys, can you really afford to throw away four hundred pounds
    (or more) on a new computer, and then be involved in its down
    fall?

    Now that you're nearly at  the  end  of my opinion, I'll tell
    you that the value of  ST  hacked  games  I  have is at least
    twice as much  as  my  parents  home,  out   of  the hundreds
    (thousands?) of games I have, I  should  think  I  only  play
    20  to 30 on a regular  basis.  There is  no  logical  reason
    for this, I've even tried  to  break-off all my contacts (not
    that I have many  really),  I'm  starting  to think  swapping
    games  is a form of addiction...

    Please don't think of  me  as   being  hypocritical, I freely
    admit I'm a ST swap freak,   but   I'm  going  to  TRY not to
    get any pirated Falcon  software,  even   the  -shit-  stuff,
    and do you know why I'm  going  to  try  so hard to stay away
    from piracy on the Falcon?   Because  in  two  years  time  I
    don't want to  be  left  with   a   plastic   piece  of  shit
    (okay,  so  it's VERY advanced, but a piece of shit  is  what
    it COULD be) that -NO ONE- will be producing games for. :-(

    Name and address not supplied

