SCENE NEWS
~SPECIAL1.FIL~
NEWSFLASH
=========

Scene news by Lazer and D.B.A.

Aggression:

Are working on their new demo called Motion and features a lot of motion blur 
as on the PC, some cool Wolfenstein and Vector Parts that make the DSP smoke?
They are also organizing the Aggressive Party II which will be held in 
Helsinki between Christmas and New Year. It includes PC, Amiga and Falcon 
Compos.

DHS

Will release their new demo at that Party too. Also, featuring DSP-vectors

Absence

A new Independent group formed by members of Aura, Newline and Avena.
Newline can be looked upon as dead, as The Innovator was the only coder...
Absence also includes the Fried Bits-organizer Stallion. Most probably there 
will be now Fried Bits 4, but the Party will merge with Symposium 96. It will 
be a big Party for Amiga, Falcon and PC and is organized by Sanity, Absence, 
Complex... It will be the same date and very near (in Hamburg). The fact that 
it is a big party with big sponsors (Rumours include esCom) guarantees better 
prizes than the FB could have offered. Competitions will be for sound, graphics, 
4ktro, 96ktro and full demos (If I got that right, the limit is 4MB, but this is 
not for sure)

Reservoir Gods

They are currently working on a puzzle game called "Penguins don't Shave" 
It will be converted to the Falcon by Mr. Pink and coded by Charles. 
The Reservoir Gods are also working on a racing game with some of the 
best polygon routines seen on the ST.

The D.B.A.

D.B.A. magazine was reviewed in a Hungarian magazine. Thanks to the reviewer by 
the name of Greg(Hi), it was very positive! 
Reports from the U.K. state that over 5000(!) issue's of D.B.A. magazine were 
downloaded from the Demon FTP server within one and a half week!
Compo software have showed several Falcon demo's and diskmags including ours as 
promotion software to sell more Falcons (where is our share of the profit?) :-)
We also have our own support BBS in the Netherlands. This big Atari BBS will 
take of distribution of D.B.A. mag in the Netherlands and beyond. Look in the 
Colophon for more details.

New Trend

Lig Lury is currently working on a shootem up game for the Falcon. The level 
design will be done by BDCannibal of Aura! The game will be released 1996!

Magnetic Interlude

Maggie, ST News and D.B.A. diskmag join forces on the Net! The existing D.B.A. 
homepages will soon be replaced by M.I. pages. The project has to be finished 
before the end of 1995!
 
NoCrew

The old Atari ST crew from Sweden have launched their own homepage on the Net. 
Their address is: www.dd.chalmers.se/-f93labr/nocrew.html. You must of course 
replace the - with Shift #.

~GREYBLEU.PAL~
