-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

{*f1128 BYTE MANIA!{*f0

Well, I guess that's the right name for this article, because the development
of that 128 BYTE-movement can't be described in another way.
After DHS started  this trend in  the beginning of 1998, a lot of other crews
did some  of these tiny  productions  as well. We think there are two reasons
for  this: it  doesn't  take too  much time  coding  a 128 bytro, so  it is a
perfect  way to show  the people out  there that you are still alive. Even if
you're  the laziest  git in  the whole  scene, everyone will think "Hey, this
group is still alive! This rocks!". But beware of this fallacy!

On the other  hand the editor  of this article  is persuated that some people
only  released 128 bytros  to see  their names in  this mag  and to show this
review to their  friends, saying "Look, even those Bockwurst-eaters have seen
my production and they rated it quite high!".
At least  you could  think something  like that  after we had tested even the
smallest productions  in issue 11  of your favourite magazine and some people
even  greeted "UCM" in the  readme-files of their releases. (Thanks for this,
we felt honoured! Really!)

But due  to our high  journalistic ethos, we won't  give you the names of the
_very productive 128 bytro-coders_ we meant  above. But what  we can give you
is a  list of characteristic  features we  recognized in  the 128 bytros that
were released to the day of the review. So here it is...

1. All productions we tested were 128 (160, if you consider the TOS-header or
   whatever it is...) bytes  in size. We  really wonder  about  this. Do some
   guys see that as a kind of sport or is their memory so small?

2. All 128 bytros had neither 8 channel module sound nor sound in general.
   Very strange.

3. They not even had some design or graphics. (at this point I have to send a
   big "Fuck You!" to the coder  who said I should go and eat some beef after
   I offered him to do some  high resolution  truecolor graphics for his next
   128 bytro.)

4. All releases cannot be exited to the GEM once started.

5. Therefore  your computer  makes the  funniest things  after  you booted it
   again. I really  like to open  a window on my desktop and see some memory-
   rubbish in it! Very stylish.

6. As it  seems, the farer  you get  from the  place of birth of the movement
   (which was Sweden, if I am not totally wrong), the longer the README-files
   attached to  the 128 bytros get. Our  first price in this category must go
   to the RESERVOIR GODS from  Great Britain  whose readme-articles are often
   about 80 times bigger than the original demo. That's quite amazing, but as
   you know, the Englishs are chatterboxes in general. ;)

As you probably might have recognized, this was not to be meant serious. (And
I hope you  realize that I am not sure if the grammar in the last sentence is
right, but  that's it  when you're a  Sauerkraut-dude! Hehe.) So, now I think
it's time to  begin with the review of the productions. I'll try to test them
in the way of their release...


A: CIDER 3 by Reservoir Gods from the land of ill cows (UK that is!)

After CIDER 2, this  is another  version of  the same bytro, released in late
April 1998. You should start  it in 320x400xtruecolor, else your  Falcon will
throw  two bombs. You  also need  a FPU for  it. In  fact, I  don't know what
should  be  different  to  version 2  of CIDER, but  I guess  there  is  some
difference. After  starting  it, you  see  a  blue/black  chessboard  in  the
background moving from right to left whilst a white RG logo is getting zoomed
in the middle of the screen. This one is a very impressive thing. Really good
for an Welshman! ;) Mark: A+


B: HOBNOBS WITH SATAN by Reservoir Gods from Peoples Republic of... No. (UK)

Released on 21st of april 1998, this  one shows  some not so cool undefinable
green  points in  the middle  of the screen. Whatever  it is, I would call it
some kind of fractals. Btw, you can  only see it if you  start it in 320x400x
truecolor and with FPU, of course. Mark: C


C: TERMINAL KETCHUP by Reservoir Gods from the Buckingham Palace (UK)

Surely  the 128 bytro with  the most original  name, this one was released in
the end of april 1998. After  starting it  in 320x200xtruecolor  with  FPU, a
little square  is shown in the  middle of the screen, containing some kind of
roto-zoomer in yellow. Looks okay, mark: B


D:  LETTUCE FROM BRECHNEV by Reservoir Gods from KGB Wales (UK)

Things I do not like: potato-soup, unpunctuality and a special kind of yellow
fractals shown on  a computer screen. This production, released at the end of
april 1998, shows one  thing I don't like. Guess  what. "Potato-soup" I hear.
Yes, you are right! Start it by using 320x200xtruecolor. Mark: D.
Mr. Pink: Brechnev is dead. Since he died in Moscow on 10th of November 1982.
And Feigenbaum is not a crazy name. I just means "fig tree" and nothing else.
This was  very easy. We  see, you are  not bilingual! ;) Don't mind about it,
we'll keep on fighting against that imperialistic bastards, "Leon"! Hehe.


E: HONG TRON PHOEEY by Reservoir Gods from labour-island (UK)

In the  beginning of  may 1998, this  very nice thing was released. It is the
first - and surely last - game in 128 bytes. You  surely  played TRON before,
but never  in a 128 bytes  version. There  is only  one player  which  can be
controlled using the left and  right arrow key, but there are also some white
points on the screen you shouldn't touch, else you loose. Mark: A


F: THE GRAPES OF HOTH by "When will this come to an end?"(Reservoir Gods, UK)

Another impressive  128 bytro by the Brithish pals, released in the middle of
may 1998. You have to start your  FPU-Falcon in 320x400xtruecolor. It shows a
lot of yellow  stars in black  space, moving from the middle of the screen to
its edges. Mark: B


G: NOBRAIN'S 128 BYTES MANDELBROT ZOOMER by No Crew from elk-county (SE)

A sign of life from  No Crew  at the end  of may 1998! So this crew is surely
fully  alive  and  kicking! Wow! And  I  thought  they  are  dead! (you might
recognize  some cynicism  here. ;)) This one  runs with  FPU only and shows a
maybe 80x100 square on the far left  border of your  screen, in  which a blue
fractal in "some" colors in slowly zooming. And  as you already  know I don't
like colors, ehh, zoomers, ehh, fractals, yes, it was fractals, so it gets as
mark: C.


H: NOBRAIN'S 128 BYTES PYRO DEMO by No Crew from Viking-county (SE)

Released  on 1st  of  june  1998, this  one  does  not  work. At least not in
resolution  given in the readme-file. Rumours  say that  it should  show some
firecracker-effect from New Year's day. But to me it looks like some DHS-demo
from April Fool's day. Hehe. I guess it isn't meant this way. Thus: mark: F.


I: SUNQUAKE by Reservoir Dots from 128 bytro land (UK)

As Reservoir Gods tell us in the README-file of this  production, it made the
first  place  at  the  OrlandoJam-party  in "Best 128 Byte  Solar Simulation"
competition. Hehe. It was  released on 2nd of june 1998. Start it in 320x200x
256. Two  circles are  shown on the  screen which  fill themselves in a quite
colorful manner. After  this is  finished, the  screen switches from white to
yellow color till eternity. (at least till you switch your computer off)
Nothing special so far. Mark: C


J: NOBRAIN'S POWER MORPHING SIERPINSKI'S TRIANGLE by No Crew (SE)

A black screen  in 320x400xtruecolor. Very exiting for a demo released on 6th
of june 1998. It needs no FPU. Of course, because a black screen can be shown
even without anything. I think this one is just buggy. Mark: F.


K: PONG 128 by No Crew (SE)

...and the last tested 128 bytro is one of the very best I've ever seen. It's
PONG, that famous game by atARi from the early days, coded in 128 bytes. Very
cool! You can  control the two paddles by using the mouse. Moving up and down
will move  the right  paddle, moving  to the left and the right will move the
left paddle. This production does not need a FPU. Very good, NO CREW!
Grade: A+.


Okay, that's  it. This were all in all _eleven_ 128 bytros. Don't be angry if
I missed one! In the end I have to admit  that I would have  liked it more if
every 128 bytro would stand for a 2.8 megabytes Falcon-demo, but when I think
of the  reviewing-work MC Laser and I would have then, I am quite happy about
the  situation. Hehe. Eventually  I have  to say  that "CIDER 3" by Reservoir
Gods is the ruling 128 bytro in this period of UnderCover. Congratulations.


Finally: Yesterday  my little sister  asked me if she could get infected with
BSE when  she masturbates  with  British  beef-sausages. I  did not  know the
answer.

Do you?

- tRUE rULErS ! ---------------------------------- 14-o6-98 - mOd of .tSCc. -