-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      5 YEARS OF FALCON DEMO SCENE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi you demolovers out there!

Today I want  to write some  stuff about  this  overhyped thing above. Surely
you  will ask me  why, just because  there is no real  Falcon Demo scene left
anymore. Others will say that its crap to separate Falcon and ST scene, but I
have my reasons  for writing the coming shit... So if you want to know all my
feelings about it, just go on with reading.
As you remember, many Atarians were going  mad because of  the release of the
new machine by Atari in 1992 and 1993, and not only music freax  or gamblers,
no, especially those very strange  guys from  the so  called  demo-scene were
invading their  local Atari store to get one of the new cool machines as fast
as possible. It was  some kind  of the search for  new shores. Several people
claimed  in these  years that the ST is  at his end, the power of the machine
isn't good enough to reach  the niveau of other machines... today we all know
how  wrong this idea  was. Even  if some fanatics matched it  to release some
brainblasting demos also some times later than 1993, just remember those cool
demos by Holocaust, it's  no question that 1993 was last fat year for the ST-
scene and the hype about the Falcon destroyed all.
And for me it was foreseeable that the release of this machine will split the
demo scene, not only in ST and Falcon section... Anyway several bands decided
to release some stuff for the new demo machine in in  the first months of the
year 1993 several  productions were  hitting the  lines of all the new Falcon
users out there. It's no  secret that those  productions were all others than
the  smashers from  today. Anyway within  a few months  a real  little Falcon
scene starts to work  in all the  countries. All  the bands  which decided to
hold up a ST section changed  their mind within some  weeks or months. At one
point the ST freaks joined the Falcon part too or finally gave up their work.
But now I will  write mainly about the things going on in  Germany, because I
life here and all the changes also touched me live and direct.
Ok, in the year  1993 were  more than  20 bands  active on ST (and Falcon) in
Germany! Wow! Even if several bands had already leaved the scene because they
were bored of all the  things with  the Falcon  or the ST  scene itself (just
like  Delta Force  for example), it's  really incredible today, because  this
means that we  had about hundred of  people, working for the Atari Demo scene
alone in Germany! And 1993 was also the big year of the  INDEPENDENT, perhaps
the  biggest alliance  with mainly  german  crews ever. Many great bands  had
joined this new union and nearly the whole bunch changed to Falcon too! There
was only one active ST band  in the lines of  them, ANIMAL MINE, which  never
released a real Falcon demo or intro (at least under this label...).
1993 brought  a lot of demos for the ST too, also from the german bands. Just
remember stuff like "A Grumbler In The Rutting Season" by the destroyed union
called ELECTRICITY or "Reality Is A Lie" by PSYCHONOMIX  for some of the last
mainly  german megademos  or "Dreams" by  Animal Mine, as  a sign  of the new
style... trackmos and multipart stuff, just like on  the Amiga. Not to forget
the last ST releases by the New Power Generation.
Also the  first Falcon releases hit  the lines, besides the great "Warum?" by
Lazer  from Austria  also some  german  releases  matched  it  to  leave some
memories in  my mind, just like "Plastic Vibrations" by New Power Generation,
"Fewer Week" by Aura, the  first Falcon demos and last demos at all from  the
Respectables and  Light and last but not least "Terminal Fuckup" by the Amiga
heroes Sanity.
Anyway within a few months the whole german ST scene broke down and the Fo3o-
scene in Germany  growed up to the biggest in Europe. Just in  1994 more than
10 bands were working on  this machine, released a lot  of stuff too. ST? The
other laughed  about when you were talking about this machine. The Falcon was
the  mega hype and  even the  german Atari magazine "ST Computer" decided  to
open a special corner for all the Falcon demo stuff, just called Falcon Scene
(and not  Atari Demo scene  or so... today it's  problematic  to fill up this
monthly  part of the mag... no  question eh?!). It was the time you had to be
an INDEPENDENT  member or nothing... just  some little  bands existed besides
the INDY, not  all matched  it to survive in  the mighty shadow of this bunch
of Falcon fanatics, but some matched it, up today!
Ok, 1994 and 1995 were the biggest years of the  Falcon in Germany. The great
and unforgettable Fried Bits parties (and some  others, just like the Kinder-
fest parties by Dan of Lazer) showed  us the power  of the Falcon  and always
feed the hype  about this machine. Erm... new  groups appeared and all seemed
to be so cool. Up to 1996, no Fried Bits party, just some heroes of the Fo3o-
scene  joined the  Amiga/PC party  Symposium and  you can say that after this
party the  whole  Falcon scene  broke down. The  INDEPENDENT (or  call it the
german scene?!) was smashed  down to pieces and some  newcomers matched it to
reach the  top and also  some new ST freaks  appeared... and finally with the
"Joint Venture" demo the last official INDEPENDENT demo was released in 1996,
and it was just a bunch of screens of several people, putted together without
any sense, just to  release the  stuff... after this just silence was filling
the room... you can call the INDEPENDENT dead after this. At least I think so
(and it's the truth!).
1997 it was going on like in 1996. Even  if the  SILIcon'97 was hold the most
releases came from foreign countries... and it was a real international party
too, not the big german/dutch  meeting anymore as in former times. I will not
leave to  much words about  1997, it wasn't the best year for the Atari scene
at all... only the polish scene matched it to push the Falcon hype again...
Now we have 1998 and no real german  Falcon scene anymore. In comparison with
the  times before  the Falcon we  lost about 90 percent of  our members. Just
think, we had about  20 active  bands in 1993, and  at least 10 active Falcon
bands in 1994/1995. Today  we have  about 20 active  PEOPLE  on ST and Falcon
together, and  the most  strange thing: today we  have more  people which are
working  on the  ST as on the Falcon! And  the lack  of active  people is the
reason for  the lack of german releases too... and so  it seems that there is
no active scene anymore in Germany, don't you think?!
And this for all the other  countries in Europe! In France it seems to be the
same situation as in Germany. A still active (but horrible shrinked) ST scene
and some lonely Falcon freax. In  the UK there is nothing left except the Res
Gods and  some lonely freaks too. Don't know right  about Sweden but it seems
that the Falcon is ruling there, the same for Poland, but just think that the
polish  scene isn't  as old as  in western  Europe and  all it's in the first
stages. In  the Netherlands we have also  mainly Falcon freax today, but also
not as much as in former times anymore. The other places are deleted from the
maps now, just  like Finland (where  are the  time of Aggression, Admirables,
The Blues Boys and so on?!)... And there is also no hope to form new national
scenes... and this is the main thing  I think, to have  some people around to
chat and  meet much  more frequently... ok, it's nice  to have  freaks in the
most strange places, like  Spain, Slovenia and so on, but those lonely people
can loose their interest much faster than freax which can hold better contact
and not only via InterNet... It's my personal opinion...
Anyway it's strange  that the  Falcon scene  is already going down, meanwhile
the ST scene is  still active, ok, shrinked to about 10 percent of the former
times but now it seems  sometimes that we have more ST releases again than on
the Falcon... but it's sad and  sometimes I think it's all because of the big
hype about the  Falcon. All have shouted: "Wow! A DSP! What a powerful chip!"
But just tell me how many  people were able to kick this chip! Hu... the most
people only used the 68030 and were bored of this, no  question. On the other
hand the  Falcon was  just a music  and freak  computer. Just look around, we
don't have  the masses of gamblers around  as on  the ST in former times. But
these masses of so called "lamers" was the foundation for the  scene, because
from time to time  several people  decided to  do more with  their machine as
just  playing around. Not so on the  Falcon and  many people don't  even know
anything about this machine today...
Ok, I still hope for some releases on  the Falcon, no question  and so I hope
that all the  others, not only  in Germany  will try  their best, to help the
global Fo3o scene to survive. Productions are the most important thing, becoz
no one wants a machine where is nothing to look at, to play and work with...
So just go  on! On the ST we have reached the 11th  or even  the 12th year of
demo coding now, and  the machine  isn't dead and still not at his end as you
can see at the latest releases. And  with a little  bit of luck the year 1998
will blow new winds in the sails of the ST scene because some great demos are
still in preperation! Perhaps it will help to kick the Falcon freax too?!
I don't  know... anyway... we, the poets of decay, will inform  you about all
the stuff, on ST and Falcon too, as long as  there is the  possibility to get
some releases we can write something about...

So keep on keeping! Stay cool, stay Atari! ...and forget the rest!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .no retreat and no surrender.                      moondog . poets of decay
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------