
{*f1B I T C H C R A F T{*f0
                             ~                     ~
                             ~ 1998 by Strelnikoff ~

Yes, a totally unknown band. I had never heard of them myself. That is, until
some  guy named DOGGOD  suddenly appeared  on irc-#atari. He  was  apparently
looking for an old ACSI harddisk cable and didn't know where to get one.

Soon I told this guy I had an old cable lying around and I'd post it. He said
he needed it for an old harddisk to install Cubase on. I asked him what music
he made  with his  setup. 'Punkrock/industrial' he  said. To make things even
weirder, he seemed  to originate from Slovenia (formerly Jugoslavia) and even
had some relation to the famous Laibach!

From then  on I knew I was  in for a treat! I was  promised an album. And the
next week I had it! (I'd really looked like a complete arse if he didn't send
it..) The CD was  quite unusual with punk-like  guitars, drumcomputers, a sax
and funny lyrics sung by cheesy Slovenian voices.

Ok, that about rounds it up for the introduction. The new single, Bitchcraft,
was  to  my surprise, a  lot darker  than  their  previous work. Lyrics about
religion  and abortion, an  all-round  darker  sound  and  some jungle/techno
remixes!

Sounds  weird?  Well, here's  more.. The  Brittish  Drum 'n Bass label 'Law &
Auder' even  signed Strelnikoff up for a contract. (Any Britts reading this?)
Maybe this is  no suprise, because 3 of 5 songs on the single are very d 'n b
orientated.

There is a  story behind the whole Bitchcraft thang too: Ever since communism
kicked  the bucket in  Slovenia, all  kinds off religious fanatics have shown
up. Today, the  place is crawling with catholics. To make things worse <grin>
the catholic church has an enormous influence on the media and courts.

In the  true spirit of  punk, Strelnikoff decided it was time to fuck shit up
and make a riot!! Because the bishop of Slovenia said abortion was a shameful
act (which  is in contradiction  with the  country's  constitution!) the band
mixed his speach up in the single.

And yes, the  media got hold  of this. The line-up  of the band was published
and they were  declared 'Satanists'. Tons of  angry letters were addressed to
Strelnikoff and even some catholic curses!! (Can  you imagine  this happening
1998 AD in the civilized world?)

More nasty stuff happened: There even was a march held to cleanse the name of
the holy  virgin Mary which  was attended  by 7000 people! All because of one
little single!! But Strelnikoff didn't sit still either.. They said  they did
not  regret their  actions and  would live in  freedom  or 'get burned on the
stake'.

Right now, the band will probably be dragged in front of a court, though this
is not for certain yet.. The maximum penalty is 5 years in prison....

Ok, enough politics. I think this is a very sad situation, mostly because the
singer (DOGGOD) is very stressed and afraid of what will happen.

For the music: It's hard to say exactly how it sounds. Old industrial-rockers
Ministry spring  to mind. Or at least that is how the first song on the album
sounds. And  that's rather  nice if  you ask  me. Esp. when  checking out the
lyrics!

But the  other songs  are more on  an experimental tip. Drum and Bass, techno
and  ambient  influences  are used and  sometimes  very  effective. Religious
voices are mixed with ambient and that rules!! You should check this out!

There are some weak bits to the single. For instance the drum 'n bass remixes
don't have  the extreme  cunning effectivity  as found on albums of Photek or
Source Direct. Still, it's  really not that bad for an unknown act. On a more
punky level  you could say that it sometime misses the 'kick-ass riot' parts,
but I  think this  is made up  for by  the experimental  and dark approach to
things.

Mmhhh. What should I say more... If you can get your hands on this, please do
so! It's  one of  the weirdest  experiences in  modern  music if  you ask me,
especially considering the backgrounds.

-------------------------------------------------------------- EarX/FUN -----