
                       CRUSADE AGAINST FAKE DEMOS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello and good evening all you demo lovers out there.

After I got the releases from the ALTERNATIVE PARTY I was very disturbed.
What's going on in the Atari scene? At first there was some hope to see a few
new demo releases again on  this party but  nearly nothing  brainblasting was
released there. But we  got a new bunch of lame fake-demos. I think it's time
to say that we need more real demos in our scene. I don't understand the move
of several people to release only such shit.
Some years back  several fake demos with some kind of style were released. So
I remember such demos like "...DAS BISSCHEN HIRNTOD" or the "TINY TOONS DEMO"
by THE NAUGHTY BYTES, those strange  swedish demos  by FISK KOMPANIET  or the
FIRST demos by the SENIOR DADS. Those  demos had funny  jokes, strange sound-
tracks and last but not least the makers had some skills in coding too.
But later more and more fake bands  appeared on  the screen, just  like those
lamers from IPIR, YOGHURT, the polish RASERO TEAM or the RESERVOIR FROGS. And
also the old gods  of fake, the SENIOR DADS  released more  and more stuff of
the same kind. The latest lamers on the fake sector are now REJECT (perhaps a
"band" from UK again?)
Ok guys, one  funny demo from time  to time is funny, no question, but now we
have a real  overkill. It seems  as all people  thinking: "Hum, I can't code,
paint or make music, but  I MUST release  something!" and so we get  more and
more demos of the same kind. The jokes become some underground niveau and not
a single  real demo  effect or so  is included in all the  demos. Just shitty
grafix, some  noises tormenting the ears (mainly  made with  the Yamahaaaarg)
and the screen is flickering like hell, mainly the only effect at all.
It's just boring guys! Ok, you  mean that you're  helping the  Atari scene to
survive with your releases but don't you think you're  making us some kind of
ridiculous in the eyes of other freaks on Amiga or PC?!
There are still  some people left, trying to hold the connection to the style
on Amiga or PC, even with our very  limited hardware. But you don't even need
a single hand  to count those people. Therefore  we have tons of fake makers,
but for what? I think our demo scene is to small for so many fake makers.
Esp. this year  we reached the point that more fake demos as real productions
were  released and  this also  on multi  machines parties. I think  it's hard
enough to be  taken serious as Atarian  nowadays and we  don't need all those
fake demos which demolating our already damaged image.
It sounds surely a bit strange, but what the hell should I do when some PC or
Amiga freak is asking me what's going on in our scene? What can I show him as
new demo when he  wants to see some stuff? If  I have a FPU the last demos by
DHS and then?! Just those idiotic stuff  like "Monomental", "Senior Fuck Out"
and all others of these senseless things?! Or just the old releases back from
1995 - 1997?! It seems so. I  don't know  how long  the real  demo scene  can
survive this fake massacre. It seems to be a  real epidemic, more and more of
the last "true" Atarians  loosing their  mind and releasing  dull stuff under
other names (I think I know who is working under all those strange labels but
I don't want to tell you this secret, at least today...). But when you take a
look at the last parties  it's something of  disturbing. There  are nearly no
releases for ST or Falcon, except some little screens, but tons of those lame
fake releases. For what?
I don't know. Another point for me, esp. as writer for this magazine is, that
I really don't know  what I can  test for your  pleasure, because there isn't
much to tell you. Not even the  big parties  bringing enough releases to fill
up the demo corner with reviews, except all those fake thingies.
Ok, perhaps I'm a  bit to earnest. Demos are made to entertain the people, no
question. In former times  they were thought  to show all the  others the own
skills ("Baaah! I have 7500 dots on  the screen instead of your 7450...") and
some times it  made also fun to  show the latest releases to some freaks from
other systems. You can't imagine how a friend with Amiga 500 was screaming as
I had  shown the HOLOCAUST demos  to him. But  today it's  better to hide his
machine under the table, don't speaking  about computers, because there isn't
much left to impress an Amiga freak.
Today  we have not  even lost  the connection  to the PC  and Amiga scene, it
seems as the most people also have lost the interest in trying to do the same
as the freaks on PC or Amiga. The result is that we're more and more stepping
on the same place without going forward. It's strange but even some people on
all those 8-bit machines have reached the level of the daily Falcon demos.
The only  thing with the same  level are the  fake demos, but  why? You don't
need any skills to do this shit. But is it really worth in your eyes to bring
some fake demos in a competition instead showing the real skills of the Atari
machines in the real demo competitions?
There are still some people around who're showing us that  even an old ST can
bring some kewl routines on the screen, like bumpmapping or environment maps,
fire or voxel space stuff. Years ago some  people had said  that the ST is at
his end, it isn't  possible to make  more stuff on this machine. They were so
fucking wrong. So why you want  to waste the  power of this machine with such
lame fake stuff? Only to be  present in such a senseless competition? Only to
release something at all?
So if you're  a TRUE Atarian, come back to your roots! Be  fanatic! Kick your
machine to the limit (and believe me, there  is no limit!)! Try  to make some
real cool stuff instead of some dull jokes and  flickering screens! Just show
it to the world that even  an Atari can display more stuff than dull pictures
and flickering screens...

-------------------------------------------------- moondog - poets of decay -