-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      THE DYING OF THE ATARI HOMEPAGES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some days ago I  met my old friend  Lot of .tnb. and  because he  got his own
Internet  access at home  he told me  that we could surf  around in the net a
little bit, just to see what's up with the Atari scene.
After some  troubles with  the T-Online  software on  his PC we finally got a
connection and started to search for some pages, coz I didn't had any address
in my mind.
Finally we found some adds and started to check out what's going on.
In  the following  hour  we met  the  pages of INTER, AURA, NEW TREND, LAZER,
SENIOR DADS, UNDERCOVER (hehe), NEWCORE, DEAD  HACKERS  SOCIETY, ABSENCE, THE
SIRIUS CYBERNETICS CORPORATION, AVENA, HOTLINE and some others.
But to say it right  now. We were very  frustrated. Meanwhile some  pages are
removed  from the net (like  the ANIMAL MINE page) others where updated years
ago and so we where a  bit angry  about this point. We thought  that at least
the Internet  pages, as last  lifesign of  several old  scene people  will be
updated from time to time.
But to see that for example the  Lazer page is  still under  construction and
this since 1996 makes me so sick. The same for the pages by Absence or Inter.
I don't know why those pages are still online because they're totally useless
for the people and it seems that the makers haven't any interest in informing
the others about the things they're doing today.
Even if there're many pages around there are only a few worth to be mentioned
here. So if you want to surf around  in the Inet and meet some cool homepages
just check out the following ones...
AURA's ST SOUND page and the ONLINE CHARTS (!)
DEAD HACKERS SOCIETY page for the latest stuff and news from the scene
.tSCc. page for some cool stuff like the photo copied human
the HOTLINE page for some great memories to the cracking scene
There are some other pages too, like  the RESERVOIR GODS and  so one, but all
in one you don't need more pages to check out what's going on in the scene...
Some other pages  are pepped up with  cool Java demo effects and worth a look
too.
But back to the point of my  article. It seems  as the time is gone where all
Atari sceners thought the  Internet could be the new playground for the Atari
scene. Back in the years 1995/1996 it was always a mess to meet all the pages
and month by month  new pages appeared  in the net, always presenting the new
releases and latest news about the bands itself.
But after the  usual scene life was dying out also the Internet scene started
to die. Page after page lost the support by the band behind, the updates were
made not weekly anymore and some  pages disappeared. Others were still in the
net, but nothing happened on them.
Other pages, like the DHS page have taken over to inform all the people about
the things  going on in  the whole  scene, perhaps  because it isn't too much
anymore. Ok, it's  some kind of  advantage to have all the needed information
on just one page  and so you can save  money and time while searching for all
the stuff.
But the Internet, or at least  the World Wide Web  has lost a  lot of colours
and interest for  the Atarians and so our biotop is going smaller and smaller
with the time.
Only a few  homepages are  new installed  today and  more and  more pages are
dying slowly and I  know that even the  UCM page isn't the best model for the
updating of a page.
If the things  are going on like  this the last  cool and public  area of the
today's Atari scene will don't reach the next millenium.
Ok, there are  a lot of ftp sites  and the IRC  is still  a point you have to
meet sometimes, but with  the homepages a more colourful part of the scene is
disappering and even  if they're mostly created  on PC's they have showed the
creative power of the few Atarians.
Ok, some people  will surely say that I'm  too negative  again but just think
about these words and I'm sure you're frustrated too if you're trying to surf
around in the net to check out the pages  of your beloved  scene and you must
notice that the people behind the  installed pages are gone or that pages you
met sometimes ago are disappeared...

Perhaps I will make something like a homepage report for this issue, to check
out which pages  are still updates and worth  a visit if you're interested in
the  latest news and  releases by the  band. Perhaps I will meet Lot again in
may (he's in the United States now) to make an internet session  for your and
our own pleasure...

-------------------------------------------------- moondog - poets of decay -