
 oOOOOOo        OOO  OOO  OOO                            OOO            OOO
OOO  'OOO  oOOOOOOO  ...  OOOOO      oOOOOOo  OOoOOOOo   ...   oOOOOOo  OOO
OOOOO     OOO' 'OOO OOOO  OOO       OOO   OOO OOO   OOO OOOO       :OOO OOO
OOO       OOO   OOO  OOO  OOO       OOO   OOO OOO        OOO   oOOOOOOO OOO
OOO. .OOO OOO. .OOO  OOO  OOO. .OOO OOO. .OOO OOO        OOO  OOO: :OOO OOO.
 ?OOOOO?   ?OOOOO?O oOOOo  ?OOOOO?   ?OOOOO?  OOO       oOOOo  ?OOOO?OO  ?OOO

          - N O   R E T R E A T   A N D   N O   S U R R E N D E R -

Hello and welcome to another issue of your fave diskmag!

Today is  the 28.o6. and I'm trying  to finish  the 12th issue  of the UCM. I
know about the discussions in the net about the release date but as you know,
we're the poets of delay... grin...
No let's get serious. A lot of problems accured in the last weeks and months.
At first  our Homepage  was going  down because  SLAPSHOT didn't found a good
server. Then SLAPSHOT's Amiga band SHELTER broke down and he decided to leave
the scene and so he didn't invested much time in computing anymore. Because I
had my only contact to the net because of him I wasn't able to check my mails
anymore. SLAPSHOT didn't  sent out my  replies (destroyed my  disx and so on)
and also slowed down  his BBS acitivities. He was also pissed of the horrible
bad support of Vex and E! because they didn't supported their german HQ for a
long time anymore. So  the JUNCTION BBS seems to  be history now. Perhaps the
box is still online but I don't know what's going on. SLAPSHOT cancelled also
his plans  to install  a 24hours TELNET connection, the  only  possibility to
make the box more  interesting to  the Atari scene. So  this short history of
own board, homepage and Email account is over  now and the only way to get in
touch with me is the good old way of snailmail.
Later I checked  out that the  other resident writers, just like MC Laser and
mOd weren't very motivated and up to the  late May I did the most stuff alone
and so it took a long time to write  all the things by myself. I'm happy that
they joined the writerstuff  again because I still  don't own a Falcon and it
seems as I will never get such a machine again...
Another problem  was the  shell. Nearly  every weeks  a new bugfix and update
popped up but new errors accured too =)
Now I got the latest version and it seems that it will run ok on all machines
(at least we hope so).
Unfortunately we don't got the  intro by THERAPY and I hope to get it for the
forthcoming issue. I don't  understand why because it should be ready for the
InterJam... It's all very confusing again.
Anyway with the new shell  we have a very  powered tool to present the mag in
the way it used to be. The problem is that we don't used the new feature very
consequent so the option to include pictures. It was too much  work for me to
paint something or to ripp something, because I had  my exams too in the last
weeks and had  so other stuff  to do as to  sit in front of my machine day by
day. Last but not  least the old problem  to be demotivated  short before the
release of the mag does his own... I'm so fucking tired... Oh... gorsch...
Because of this all also coloured fonts  are a bit  seldom this time, can you
imagine how a fucking job I have to do?! Next time all will be better...
Anyway, we're  back to kick some asses  and I hope  you like this issue, it's
fullfilled  with hot news and stuff! And  we're here to  stay and to show the
world who's the fucking number one in the diskmag business on Atari!!! Eh...
just joking...

                       ok, have to go... see you next time!

                                             moondog . poets of decay


ps... a private message to the -reservoir frogs-... hum, we're building a big
      shit? Yep! On your fucking dumb heads! Shut up! I know who you are! And
      don't forget: in Germany it is allowed to eat froglegs again... smack!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------