{*f1FRACTALS 2.2{*f0

Another fractalprogram.. What the  hell do we  need it for? On the other hand
you  might say  the atari (Falcon) has  never seen  a good fractal-gegerator.
That is, one  that is  versatile and  fast at  the same  time. Mostly  it was
either fast OR versatile.

So, when I ran  this program (found  on the French  lip6 FTP-archive) and saw
that it was GEM-based I was  immediately struck by images of a snail crawling
up a very slippery lamppost. Boy was I wrong!

Fractals v2.2 is one of the fastest fractal engines! It uses  the DSP to good
effect. Calculating pictures of 640*400 in 256 colours is a piece of cake and
even  deep zooms  and many  iterations  won't make  the program  break into a
sweat!

On top of that it  supports loads of fractal-types. Nine in all with ofcourse
the  most  popular  types: ÚMandelbrot, ÒJulia and ÛBarnsley. I kinda missed the
gorgeous hÅpfer-set, but the number of parameters make up for it. You can set
the  size  of  the  image, have  two different  calculation-methods  at  your
disposal, can set the  number of  iterations and  coordinates. Furthermore it
can save to GIF, TIFF and XIMG, which is really cool!

But it doesn't  stop there. Also  you can make  an animation of fractal-zooms
and choose  the initialising  values for a julia visually! You move the mouse
over the mandelbrot-image and a thumbnail julia is updated realtime!! This is
stuff that makes you smile! :)

As a matter  of fact it  has all things  you'd expect  from a modern fractal-
program and the  speed too! The  only drawbacks  are that  it is in French so
most people have problems understanding the stuff. Furthermore the zooming is
a bit  lame, because  you can't  simply drag  and drop.. Instead  you have to
select an option everytime and do weird things with both mouse buttons.
Also I would have liked fractal-landscapes in there.

But for the  rest, it's a dream to use because the interface is logical, most
features  are  easily  accessible  and it  is ÒFAST!! Eventhough everything is
French  it remains  understandable. Therefore I can recommend this program to
any falcon-user!

ratings:

* Features:     Loads. Only a few more sets and maybe fractallandscapes.  85%
* Ease of use:  It's GEM and logically laid out on top of that.           95%
* System
  requirements: Needs a Falcon. Could have worked on ST too. But the
                harddiskspace and RAM required are only little.           70%
* Performance:  The internal routines are fast. GEM is the bottleneck
                here.                                                     90%
                                                                         ----
                                                              OVERALL:    85%

- EarX/FUN ------------------------------------------------------------------