-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        INTERJAM'98 - THE REPORTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The INTERJAM'98 is over now and  it's time to inform  you about all the stuff
that happened nearby Karlsruhe at the Whitsun-weekend.
Btw, it was the only big german  Party for Atarians too and there are rumours
that it was the last party too. Today  there are no  plans for SILICONVENTION
or INTERJAM  in the year  1999. Let's hope  that the  organizers  will change
their mind.

Ok, we'll start with Moondog's view about the party.

INTERJAM'98 was my first  party since 1996 (INTERCON'96) and I was very happy
to have the days  free for joining  the party. I was  anxious  to see all the
people again and to feel the  party spirit, esp. after I heard about the very
disappointing INTERJAM'97.
We (me and mOd/.tSCc.) arrived already on Friday evening nearby Karlsruhe and
spent the first  night at the  home of MC LASER/.tSCc.^pOd. This  evening the
final  works  for .tSCc.s  MODULE COMPILATION # 15 was  done, the  reanimated
DYNACORE and SCY joined this pre-event too.
On saturday we were going to the party-place and reached WEIHER around 12 AM.
As we entered the party hall there  were already 60  people there, but mainly
from PC and C64. So it was time to bring  the real ATARI  spirit to the hall.
We checked up the already present people and I  was happy to  find some of my
snail-mail contax, such  as ST SURVIVOR of  LOUD! or 505  of CHECKPOINT. Also
some others were already present, just like some guys of ESCAPE, TOS-CREW and
FUN of course.
We installed our realtime-machine (just check it out!) and the party began.
Later several people joined the party too, just like the chaps of .tnb., GREY
of MYSTIC BYTES, other  guys (Earx!!!) of  FUN and  SENTRY, PARANOIA and last
but not least from RUNNING DESIGN TEAM/STAX too.
But we were a little bit disturbed. At first we thought the whole stil active
german scene would be present but later we checked up that THERAPY and CREAM,
some guys from CRUOR, AURA  and AVENA were  not present  and so only the half
german scene was there. Anyway we  made the best of it and with the guys from
Holland it was no problem, PANZERBEAT rulez =)
.tSCc. released their MOD COMPIL while the party, ST SURVIVOR showed us a 1st
preview  of his new ST game "TRACE". THE MATCH/FUN released  his  Falcon game
"THE SNATCH", a cool strategic boardgame and showed us first demo screens and
a preview of his next game too.
There was a guy who coded fire-effects on the LYNX and displayed some of mOds
pictures on Atari's little handheld too.
The others from FUN showed  us a new version  of "MAN AT WAR", several people
coded, tracked or painted on their competition entries.
EARX spent the  most time with  debugging the  current UCM-shell and was very
tired, just laying with the head on the table in front of his running machine
some times.
BOUB/POPSY TEAM worked  on his COMMAND & CONQUER  clone (nice!!!). I saw some
previews  of coming ST demos (just  like routines  of "RESURRECTION" and  the
comming production of CHECKPOINT).
THE PARANOID spreaded  a preview of his game "STETRIS" and MAD BUTCHER of his
game "DRY EGG" too.
Others were fighting with their hardware, just like the .tnb.-chaotics (Huh!)
because their high-end tuned machines broke down around 20 times this weekend
and because of this FLASH gave up his competition picture and DRIZZT lost his
motivation to finish his 4K intro too. So FLASH  converted his  picture to ST
and created an animation of it which will be never released I think.
The guys of the RUNNING DESIGN TEAM started the work on a multiplayer version
of their game, even if the sales are very low for the game (around 140).
I saw some 8bit demos on 130 XE for the first time, just like "ASSKICKER" and
was really surprised.
The other people on the  party were mostly  playing QUAKE or so  via network,
some  kiddies from the  C64 were  shouting "FICKEN" every  two minutes, other
Elite-freaks from C64 (just like some  guys from  PLUSH) showed  demos and on
the big mainscreen  in the hall were  demos from different systems displayed,
later also all "FAR OUT" episodes from the SILICONVENTION'97 and PULP FICTION
(which was coming  in the german TV). The posers from the C64 were getting on
my nerves and so we started to fuck them in the realtime article.. just check
up their view of the scene... and laugh about it.
On PC it was also some kind of employment to  watch tons of x-rated JPEGS and
porno-avi's, from manga up to sodomie-stuff... really strange.
Overall there were about  140 people on  the party. I counted about 30 Atari-
machines (mainly Falcons), there  were a lot of PC and C64 machines too, some
Atari XE/XL, C128, a few Amigas and also some Risc machines.
There were also a lot of  the old Atarians there, just like the guys from NEW
TREND, INTER, LIGHT, SPIRITS or ABSENCE. But I will not count them anymore.
LOST/INTER gave his sources of the last never finished INTERdemo, just called
"INTERVIEW" to the guys of FUN, for release or whatever.
Somewhen on Sunday the competitions were held and let me say, it was so ugly!
The only interesting  stuff came from the ATARI! No FAKEstuff and I thank you
all for this! MYSTIC BYTES released  an remix  of "SURPRISE" for the 4K compo
and with "TIME OUT" another big demo with very strange and colourful efx.
From SYNTAX  came a  STe demo, called "REANIMATION". The  chaps from TOS-CREW
released a little screen called "CALEIDOSCOPE ST", ESCAPE released also a 4K-
intro called "POWER OFF" for  Falcon and  finally  LLAMA/.tSCc. brought  us a
very cool 4Kintro for ST, called "BABELFISCH" and showing some great animated
environment-fishes!!! But check out all the releases in the demo-corner.
The music and grafix-competition were filled up mainly with shit. So the very
technoid modules ruled  again and mainly stupid rendering-stuff was presented
in the grafix compo.
The C64-entries in grafix and demos were really disturbing and sometimes only
worth for a laugh, really! The PC-demos too, there were three entries, one by
the ex-Atarians from ABSENCE. It was the  best but also not the smash hit. So
the competitions  brought useful  food only for the Atarians  and I felt that
the releases impressed the most and forced them to go on!
The competition  prices were not  so impressive. On  Atari the first demo got
200 DM and a Falcon, sponsored by BANDIT/CLIMATICS, the second got 100 DM.
The prices in the  other competitions  were mainly  bottles of wine (they got
them from the  pizza service  for free! FUCK you!!!) and  CD roms with erotic
pictures, wow!
Anyway it was a nice party! It was cool to meet all the people again, even if
the present Atarians (about 30 active people) were  not many. The ex-Atarians
were more in the  back  ground this time and it's  obvious that there is some
kind of ditch between the old Atarians and the stil active people.
I want to send some greetings to the following people at this point...
5o5 of Checkpoint ... Musik machen! Jetzt!
Defjam of Checkpoint ... Demo machen! Jetzt!
Drizzt of .tnb. ... ey Debil! Code, Du Sau!
EarX of FUN ... still debugging Undercover?! PANZERBEAT!
Flash of .tnb. ... Manta Manta!!!
Grey of Mystic Bytes ... Where was the Vodka?! More votes, please!
Mike of Stax ... Meine RUNNING-Bestellung kommt noch irgendwann! Witt rulez!
Mr. Ni of TOS-CREW ... thanx for CRAPMAN!
Seboz of Spirits ... Bist recht ruhig geworden...
St Survivor of Loud! ... Still waiting for BACK IN FRANCE!
Tarzan Boy ... Schaffe, schaffe, RUNNING baue!
The Match of FUN ... Bockwurst!!! 'Snatch' my bitch up!
furthermore  to No/Escape, Sage/Escape,  Paranoid/Paranoia,  Boub/Popsy Team,
and last  but not least  to all other guys from Sentry, Fun, TOS Crew, .tSCc.
of course, all other Atarians on the Party and the organizers too...

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

at next Mad Butcher's view...

From the 30th of May until the 1st of June the  InterJam was held in the near
of Karlsruhe in Germany. 156 people was there  together with  their ATARI ST/
Falcon/XE, PC, C64.
The Convention  was organised  by Inter and the Go64 magazine. I left my Flat
at Saturday at 7 o'clock  and droved  to Frankfurt  to pick up Grey of Mystic
Bytes who  was started 20 hours before in Poland. His  bus had 3 hours delay,
but at 1 o'clock we arrived at the InterJam.
During  we ride  to the  Party, Grey  told me  that besides  making fantastic
Demos, Mystic Bytes  members think  about making a Game for the Falcon. Until
now they  haven't decide  what type  of game it  should be. At first we spoke
with Oliver Heissler, member of the STraTOS magazine. He showed us STraTOS#4.
Now the  magazine is  printed in  A4. He also told us that the Centurbo II is
produced  at the moment, and that it will be released in one month (they told
me this since years). After  building up my  good old 8 Bit ATARI'S. I showed
Foundation Two's latest game Dryegg on the Falcon of 505 of Checkpoint.
Next to 505 sat the brother of 505: No! of Escape. He is still working on his
cool painter Escpaint  and on  the 4Ktro for  the competition. Next to Escape
and Checkpoint  sat TSCC. Llama was working on another 4Ktro and MC Laser was
creating a Mod and release Module C ompilation #15. MC Laser is also a member
of the  Poets of Decay  who do the  Undervocer discmag which will include the
real-time in its next Issue. Some time later I met F.U.N.
THE MATCH showed me his latest game Snatch, a logical game. At  the moment he
is working on a Tron Clone with cool extras. EAR_X is working on an intro and
he is  improving his  shell of the  Undercover. BONUS  of F.U.N. showed a new
Version of  Man at War a  Two Player  game. Next of F.U.N. sat the  guys from
Popsy from France who was Coding some  new routines. The  Running Development
Team was also there and offers a boxed version of Running.
They said, that  they will release a Level Editor soon, and they  are working
on a  Multiplayer  Version. ST Survivor  of  Loud! (Reformation  of  No Limit
Coding) said  that  Loud! are  programming  another  cool  Tron clone  at the
moment. Besides this they are working on the Toxic Mag.
At last  42 Bastian  was programming  a 5 games  Card  for the Lynx including
Invaders, Snakebyte, Mines, Isolation and SFX.
While the  most ATARI people  coding something  or making graphics or sounds,
almost all  of the PC people were playing net games like Quake, C & C or  Age
of Empires. The  C-64 Users  were more  aktiv, and  they showed a lot of good
demos. The few 8 Bit ATARI  people also showed fantastic Demos,  and a lot of
ST people remind their ATARI 8 Bit time.
The most C-64 people were sympathetic, but  a small  group  of  them screamed
all the  time  a handle very  children like so  at the end they won the price
for the most stupid looking face.

Competition Results:

ATARI Demos:
Place Title       Group
1  Time Out       Mystic Bytes / Poland
2  Reanimation    Syntax / Poland

ATARI 4Ktros:
1   Surprise!     Mystic Bytes / Poland
2   Power Off     Escape / Germany
3   BabelFish     TSCC / Germany

ATARI 96Ktro:
1  Kaleidoskope   TOSCrew / Netherlands


Because  of the many  work such  a convention  is, the  Organisers  told even
before  the Convention, that  this will be the last Interjam, but maybe there
will be another Convention. Many people who was at the Inter Jam will come to
the Gigafun 98 in Strassbourg / France or to the QuaST Copy party in Orneta /
Poland.

                                           Mad Butscher / Foundation Two
                                           Grey / Mystic Bytes

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------