
                     German party-scene.... and Nazis
                    ----------------------------------


During the last  months, you may have  heard any  news of the "brown side" of
Germany. We have had  some more or  less big demonstrations  in several towns
here. For instance, around  4000 neonazis in Leipzig (the town where m.O.d of
.tSCc. is from - to keep  the scene  in here:) on  1st of May, the day of the
workers in Germany.
Some clashes, some  leaders of  the NPD (one  nationalistic party of Germany)
telling their opinions, in a way old Adolf did.
In my eyes these demonstrations and conventions should be allowed. Allowed as
long they are peaceful, of course.
That's a  problem. There  will never  be any  of  those  demonstrations, in a
peaceful way. But to forbid them is really not the thing to do, I think.
Demonstrations like these show us, what the situation looks like.

We have  similar movements  in other  countries as  well. In  France, we have
M. LePen, trying  to keep the  national spirit alive - with success, I claim.
I have heard of nationalistic groups in England as well as in Denmark.
All that  in times, we  speak about the  beginning of the European Community.
Strange, trying to get in this community, through increasing the unemployment
rate indirectly.

The same  rate, is the  direct origin  for the  results  of the  elections in
Sachsen-Anhalt, a German  federal state in the east side of Germany. It was a
kind of shockwave going through the German heads: The DVU (one of the biggest
German-nationalistic parties) scored arround 13%!
Imagine, having  escaped of  the often  so called "Communistic Dictorship" in
the  GDR,  getting  in  the "free  and  capitalistic  world" in  1990,  being
confronted with a jump of the unemployment rate from 0% to 20%, and prefering
the  "national  way" - all,  during  8  years - is  a  developement, that  is
significant for the instability of the European economy and conditions.

In general, these nationalistic movements have not the same supporters, as in
the  Third Reich. The  main  part  of  the  people  attending  this  kind  of
demonstrations  are not  the  old "grandpa-nazis". You  rather can  see young
skinheads - just  to  prove  that  the  origin  of  the  movement is (mainly)
unemployment.

If we said, we  have more than 13 Germans out of 100 (in this federal state),
that are ready to struggle against any foreigners, hoping, then the situation
will improve, should make us afraid.

As I would like to see some of you scene-people from the non-German territory
back in Germany on any  of those cool parties (Siliconvention 1999), I better
do not try to make you avoid Germany. :)

The first point  I want to  mention here, is the way the election compaign of
the DVU has been led. "Franky", somebody  living in  this federal state, told
me on IRC, that almost every family got a large letter from this party. High-
polished  paper of course. All  over the streets  there were adverts, telling
you how great Germany could be, without any foreigners.
The DVU  spent much  more money  for its  campaign than any other party (even
than the big ones!). Reminds me to the 30's ..somehow.
The whole  crap was  organized and  paid by  a guy, called  Verleger  Frey, a
millionaire living in  Munich/Bavaria. It's a shame. His election compaign is
even financially supported by the state. So Mr. Frey and friends do even earn
money through this (new members etc.).

Without the  capital of  this man, the  DVU probably would have stayed such a
small  and unimportant  party, as  it is  in the  rest of  Germany. I want to
underline: It is only one federal state of Germany.

There are not  too many signs, that  this development will continue. At least
I hope so. I rather  suppose, it was a  kind of protest-election, to show the
guys in Bonn, that are made responsible for the bad situation, how fed up the
population is.

The cases  of anti-foreigners  violence, you  may have heard about during the
past years are  awful. They are too many, but not that much more, compared to
crime in general, or anti-foreigners violence in whole Europe, I think.

I think, we shouldn't exaggerate our fears. It all is a warning, but its very
far, if not  impossibly far  from the "Tag der Machtuebernahme #2" ( = day of
seizure of power #2).

Let's just  hope the  situation will  become better  from now on. That is the
only thing we can do now. (Beside taking part in the elections, of course)

It is not  the worst thing, we  live in today. We all have friends, to drink,
to eat. We all even have an Atari! :)

So keep calm and don't panic! And don't be afraid of coming to Siliconvention
next year! (Siliconvention will not be held in Sachsen-Anhalt:)

I do not  want to gloss  over anything. I just  don't want  anybody to have a
wrong attitude about Germany, just because he/she received one-sided info.
If I watched  NBC, Euronews  or any  of  those  international  TV-channels, I
realized, that  the watcher could  very easily get  a wrong  impression about
Germany. Those TV-channels  have not  the time  or the  money to  explore all
backgrounds and reasons for anything. I am  not sure about  that, but  that's
what I  suppose. All, non-Germans  are able  to see in TV about Germany is, I
suppose, a crowd of nazis throwing stones..

I want everybody to like Germany, that's all

So let's hope..

------------------------------------------------------------ 505/Checkpoint -