-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            PROBLEMS AHEAD!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everytime it's just the same. If you think all things going well some strange
things happen. This time it's the  fact that SLAPSHOT of exSHELTER has slowed
down all his activities to zero.
At first he  lost all the motivation  to run the box, not only because of his
disinterest. No, he was  pissed of the  shitty support of ELITE and VECTRONIX
who didn't supported their  last german HQ  with their latest  releases. Also
the uploads by others  shrinked down to zero and in February/March no one has
called  the box  anymore. I'm sure that  the box is still  running, but don't
expect too much new stuff. I will upload some  things from time  to time, but
it's just a question of time how long the Atari conference will survive.
OK, next  point. Because  his band  has stopped all  works he lost nearly all
interests in  scene, on Amiga too. He  isn't sitting in front of his machines
anymore and I also have  problem to reach  him, because I don't have the time
to drive every day to him.
Because of this I hadn't  the chance to check  my Emails for many weeks and I
know that several people were  not happy about this. So I lost the contact to
many people out there. Another  point is that he  has lost several  disx with
replies and  stuff for the box I gave him  within the last  weeks. So I don't
know who got a message  from me and who not. It's very shitty, but I can't do
anything against this. I'm  still here but  I lost all the connections to the
Internet because  of this. So the best  is to contact me again via snailmail,
you must not  send disx, just paperletters  are nice to  and doing the job to
inform about the latest news and stuff.
Because of all this  trouble also the  official UCM internet HQ, our download
page is still under construction and will surely  never be finished. So check
out  the other  download  pages (like DHS, .tSCc. or  Escape) for  the latest
issues of this mag. Even if the  page is still  online it will not be updated
anymore, because  I don't have the  possibility to  do this. Besides this the
actual server is so slow and lame that it's a torture to download the stuff.

Because of all this we had some problems  while working on UCM 12 and we were
not able to inform all about these strange things.
Anyway we're still here and wont give up.

For contacting us via Email for any reason use mainly MC Laser's add.
You can contact me via Snailmail, Email isn't save, because I don't know when
I can check my mails.
Use mainly the other download sites to get the latest issues.

Anyway we can promise you more  issues of your beloved  magazine and be sure,
it must happen some  really strange  things to stop us. We will  be here till
the end...

-------------------------------------------------- moondog - poets of decay -