{*f1REEKING RUBBER 0.8{*f0

                 - new preview of the Lotus-game by Nature -

Another version  of this well known game-project. And this time it looks like
NATURE  have made a real  game out  of it. Or  at least, that's how I see it.
It's no  complete game  with multiple  levels, scenario's or tournaments, but
the authors  seem to have the basic gaming engine completed and even a little
intro is ready.

After having  watched the small  but quite cool intro (nice bumpmapped logo +
cool zooms) you  are taken into the  main menu. Hires stuff this is, looks ok
if you leave out the flickering of your tv/rgb monitor :)
A pity that  the graphics all suffer from lack of background pictures.. Would
have made it a bit better.
But maybe we can expect to see this in version 1.o?

In this  version there  are little  options  to choose  from. You  can select
joystick or  joypad, but  no more. The  menu has  a few options that can't be
used yet. Ok, so we just choose start and off we go.

And. Wow! This  is cool. Your car  stands before  the  starting-line  and the
music starts to  play. The surroudings are reminiscent of the desert-level in
ñLOTUS II/IIIð on the ST, but only now glorious true-color! Most of the scenery
and background  are probably  hand-drawn as far as I can judge. The cars seem
to be raytraced. Nice stuff.

We  start  the  car  by  pressing  fire  and  shift  gear  with  up/down. The
combination  of the engine-sound with the module-music is great! Something we
never  had in the  old Lotus.. There are some 'enemy' cars on the desert-road
and when  you accidently  bump into them  you hear a muffled 'bump?' and lose
speed.

Many  gaming-elements  are  already  included. ñCheckpointsð, òscoreð, ótimeð, etc.
here you  have to  race against  the clock  and gain  points  for every meter
driven. Passing  through  a  checkpoint  gives  extra time. Fail  to  reach a
checkpoint in time and it's game over. Exactly the same as in Lotus.

Even some special  effects are in there. In this desert-level you have little
'bushes' being blown over the road. A nice effect and functional too. Bumping
into them slows  you down again. Let's  hope for more of these effects in the
final version.

That's  about it  for this  version. With  some more levels and championships
this could be a full game to beat the living crap out of the old Lotus. And I
am really looking forward to it. :)

Only a few things could be improved:
- The speed. Surely  this can be  souped up. The ground texture is really not
  so hard  to optimise. All  you need  is  an 'addx' loop  to make  it 3o-5o%
  faster. I guess the sprites can also be optimised by using bitmasks.
  Reeking Rubber  now runs  in 1o-11fps on RGB. Not fast, but not bad either.
  But I don't want to know how it behaves on VGA..
- The falcon gets instabile after leaving the game.

But for  the best  part: This  is already a  great achievement. We don't have
many falcon game(previews) of this quality!

-<EarX/FUN>------------------------------------------------------------------
