-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
               VARIOUS ARTISTS - TYRANNY OFF THE BEAT VOLUME 4
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

released by Off Beat / SPV 1997

This is  the latest label-compile  of the cult  electro/industrial label from
Germany and with this they also  have broken the one-CD limit. Now you have 2
Compact Discs with 27 tracks and about 150 minutes playing time! And this for
only 20 DeutschMark! Cool! I think  the most of  you (at least from  the guys
who are interested in this kind  of music) will know  their biggest acts like
FRONT LINE ASSEMBLY, HAUJOBB, COVENANT or SUICIDE COMMANDO. And  even if only
a few of the acts coming from Germany the compile has also the title: Electro
Industrial Assaults From Germany. Erm... don't know why...

Anyway you will find the following tracks on this two CD's:

o1/o1 - HEAVY WATER FACTORY - Delusion
o1/o2 - MENTALLO & THE FIXER - Goliath
o1/o3 - COVENANT - Luminal
o1/o4 - INDIVIDUAL TOTEM - Paradoxon (Grade 2)
o1/o5 - DEMENTIA SIMPLEX - Testicle Crack (Plain Fracture Mix)
o1/o6 - SUICIDE COMMANDO - Come To Me
o1/o7 - FORMA TADRE - The Lighthouse Incident (Platform Mix)
o1/o8 - NOISE UNIT - Miracle
o1/o9 - UNIT 187 - Loaded
o1/1o - DORSETSHIRE - Free Your Mind
o1/11 - KLINIK - Sense
o1/12 - GRIDLOCK - Sickness
o1/13 - KALTE FARBEN - Gotcha (New Mind Age Mix)
o1/14 - DECREE - Talons Grasp
o2/o1 - MORGUE MECHANISM - Nature's Freak
o2/o2 - CLICK CLICK - Loss Of Breath
o2/o3 - NEW MIND - Furnace (Shining Mix by Julian Beeston)
o2/o4 - FRACTURE - Hell (Edit)
o2/o5 - GENITAL A-TECH - Suck Hysteria (Long & Dirty Mix)
o2/o6 - STERIL - The Rain
o2/o7 - FRONT LINE ASSEMBLY - Electrocution (Rough Mix)
o2/o8 - VELVET ACID CHRIST - Malfunction
o2/o9 - DELAY - SLUMBERLAND
o2/1o - XYPHAX - Power
o2/11 - DOWNLOAD - Luminous Insects
o2/12 - CYAN - Die V”gel
o2/13 - DOUBTING THOMAS - Come In Peace

If you're at home in the electronic  music world you've surely noticed that a
lot of great names are included.
Now I will tell you some words about the single tracks...

o1/o1 HWF (5:o3)
      Here you have such  a technoid track, just  the distorted  voice of the
      singer remembers to old times. Besides the main sound you have a lot of
      strange electronic beeps and noises.
o1/o2 MENTALLO & THE FIXER (7:13)
      The two guys from Texas  bringing us more  electronic stuff, harder and
      faster than the first one  and even the  first noises and not so simple
      sound structures show  you that here are some real electro fanatics are
      on stage...
o1/o3 COVENANT (5:17)
      It's curious, this swedish electro band is on the best way to take over
      the heir of the  old F242. Pure  dancefloor  stuff like and  you surely
      know some of their older dancefloor fillers "Stalker" or "Figurehead".
o1/o4 INDIVIDUAL TOTEM (5:33)
      A very strange melange of hard beats, distorted voices and sounds, cool
      beeps and noises. Love or hate it!
o1/o5 DEMENTIA SIMPLEX (5:o9)
      Again very complex arrangements and the typical distorted voice, but in
      contradiction to the  booklet of the CD you will not hear many guitars,
      pure electronic stuff from "the german Skinny Puppy"...
o1/o6 SUICIDE COMMANDO (5:23)
      Ha! The very last  belgian fanatic  brings another of his cold and hard
      electro  track, in  the best  tradition  to "Traumatize" or "See You In
      Hell". Typical for him  are the very stretched voice and the industrial
      sounds in the tracks. A great  mix which just says: This is the end and
      "See You  In Hell"... hehe. Just  check out  his "Reconstruction" album
      with new stuff and remixes (2 CD!)
o1/o7 FORMA TADRE (5:2o)
      For me a bit too strange, slow and complex... perhaps something for the
      lovers of very experimental electronic sounds?
o1/o8 NOISE UNIT (6:43)
      This old side-project  of KLINIK and FLA  makes the same changes as the
      both main acts too. Away  from the  pure EBM and  Industrial and so you
      can listen to a mix of  breakbeats, industrial  noises, sample-stuff up
      to real  technoing  structures, all in one  single track! You need some
      time to discover the cool side  of this track but then you can let your
      fingers from the remote control. Be sure!
o1/o9 UNIT 187 (6:36)
      Their track  is finest electro/industrial crossover  and when I mention
      that the band consists of  members of FLA's  lifecrew you'll know which
      kind of music they make, cool stuff without any compromises! One of the
      best tracks on this sampler!
o1/1o DORSETSHIRE (4:3o)
      They started with electro stuff and reached now the electro/metal Xover
      terrain. Cool stuff, esp. the strange distorted voice at the beginning.
      Even if I can't go with the text in  the booklet (they're  writing that
      the band makes  music in  style of PARADISE LOST) the  track has a cool
      dancefloor-factor...
o1/11 KLINIK (4:o4)
      They were the co-founders of the EBM and they ruled this scene for many
      years. But  the situation changes  and without the  old singer the band
      lost the head. The label means that  the band is still on top, but they
      are the only who really  mean this. This  track is  just some  slow and
      experimental electronic stuff. Nothing special...
o1/12 GRIDLOCK (4:48)
      This is again pure (noise) Industrial/Electro  crossover, slow and with
      many stretched  and distorted samples, sounds and voices. But for me it
      is too slow and sounds  a bit strange. Not  bad, no way, but it doesn't
      hit the right nerve.
o1/13 KALTE FARBEN (4:49)
      Again very  strange stuff but in comparison with other tracks I like it
      a bit more. They're are known for their unconventional sound and you'll
      need some time to find some interesting parts in their tracks...
o1/14 DECREE (4:43)
      This project was  founded as WILL, an  old FLA side  project and breaks
      your ears  with very hard noise  industrial attacks... I will not loose
      more words about this track.
o2/o1 MORGUE MECHANISM (6:15)
      This project from south america makes pure electronic stuff in the good
      tradition  of SKINNY PUPPY. But for me this track is too mixed, after a
      slow intro comes a nice part with stretched voices and after this a too
      long outro with simple structures and synthie-stuff. Boring.
o2/o2 CLICK CLICK (8:58)
      This extreme long  track is very slow, has something of ambient techno,
      very dragging  beats, somekind  of indian  samples and so one. Erm. I'm
      a bit afraid about the track, because the band was leading the american
      EBM/Electro-scene in  the late  80ies and  now I must hear 9 minutes of
      tribal trance stuff?! Where are the good old times?
o2/o3 NEW MIND (6:36)
      This track is a real  industrial-dancefloor killer! Fast, hard with the
      typical sawing guitars, cruel electronic  beats, noises and so one! One
      of the best tracks on this sampler!
o2/o4 FRACTURE (3:59)
      This track brings  for 4 minutes the hell to our beloved earth! Hardest
      noise industrial/electro attacks are blowing away your ears! For me its
      a bit to strange...
o2/o5 GA-T (7:46)
      This breakbeat/electro  track is again  thought only for the dancefloor
      and should animate the PRODIGY-lovers too for excessive dance acts! One
      of my favourite songs too, because it doesn't leave the electronic-area
      completely and shows the roots. Slomotion suicide!!!
o2/o6 STERIL (5:32)
      HHAAAARG... I remember to some other real trash-songs  like "Trieb" and
      now I get something like a  trancecore/breakbeat/electro/trash-track...
      The style of the singer  remember to  scooter, accompanied with the old
      style hardtrance  sounds, full  trash chorus, some  sounds like old and
      new Prodigy. All in  one the most strange song on the whole compilation
      but with some nice  moments. Because I was  a technotic  some years ago
      this track remembers me sometimes to my hours in the techno-bunkers.
o2/o7 FLA (8:o3)
      The  Industrial-times  of FLA are  history... now  they producing  pure
      electro-stuff again, but  dominating are  breakbeats and nearly nothing
      remembers to the old times. Besides  the changes  in the sound you will
      not hear any singer in this song! It's an 8-minutes instrumental!
o2/o8 VELVET ACID CHRIST (5:o5)
      This is  THE ULTIMATE KILLERTRACK on  this compile  for me! Great, fast
      and hard  dancefloor oriented  industrial/electro! More  words were too
      much! Believe me!
o2/o9 DELAY (6:27)
      This electro-pop band from switzerland  brings a real  trash-song, with
      baby  voices in  the intro, later  piano and minimal synthie-stuff. The
      voice  of the  singer is to mention  too, in best  tradition to all the
      other synthie/electro-pop bands, schmaltzy and anytime a bit depressive
      touched... Whoaar.
o2/1o XYPHAX (4:39)
      This is again a very strange track, a mix of technoid structures, break
      beats and electronic sounds, last but not least only  the usual strange
      stretched voice holds the  contact to the  electro-front. Anyway a cool
      song, a bit too short for me.
o2/11 DOWNLOAD (6:11)
      This followup project of SKINNY PUPPY has reached now (after  noise and
      electro/industrial) the  techno spheres  and so  this track  is about 6
      minutes too  long! Even if some very strange parts coming up after long
      ambient parts, this track would be better placed on some techno-sampler
      or so... forget it!
o2/12 CYAN (5:3o)
      This hard  electro track from the album "Rage" lives again from strange
      samples and many synthie-stuff, hard beats  and so one... no  distorted
      voice this time, therefore  a lot of crying and screaming samples! Also
      one of the better tracks.
o2/13 DOUBTING THOMAS (3:57)
      This former side-project of SKINNY PUPPY brings again very slow sounds,
      a bit more ambient... just  name it chill out. Only small synthie-stuff
      and a load of samples, nothing more.

Wow! What a cool line  up! But after I have checked all the  the songs I must
tell you that  I have noticed that  several bands  are changing more and more
their style. Meanwhile  acts like FLA making  still electronic sound, but now
without the  industrial touch from the  last years other  bands are  drifting
more and  more to technoid structures and  from time to time I was also a bit
disturbed. You surely know  that I was at home in techno some years ago and I
stil like some old  stuff and esp. hard and  strange things, like older FORCE
INC. releases or stuff from the HARTHOUSE  label... but  several  bands going
the way to ambient sounds.
Anyway there are still a lot  of very nice tracks  on this sampler. Because I
like  nearly all  the different  styles of  electronic music, from electronic
wave, synth pop up to ebm and all the noise and industrial stuff.
All in one it's a very complete work-show OFF the label and if you're feeling
at home in the  big area of  electronic music  and if you're  open to all the
several streams you should get this compilation of the leading label!
Esp. because of the  real low price it should  find the way to your CD player
very fast. The other volumes (all single CD's) are  also very cheap (just for
a maxi-CD-price) and recommendable.

So get this sampler and NEVER STOP!

-------------------------------------------------- moondog - poets of decay -