REVENGE OF JOKER

Review by Naso (03-03-93)
With the many files we recieved from Lowlife, we also got some game reviews
from somebody called Naso.
We don't know who he is but we decided to use the reviews anyway.
So the credits go him........

                         BATMAN RETURNS

                  BATMAN: REVENGE OF THE JOKER


Well Batman got himself two games on the Super NES. Unfortunately 
they  are not equally impressive.  In fact one of those games  is 
pretty bad. If I tell you that 'Batman: Revenge of the Joker' was 
made by Sunsoft and 'Batman Returns' by Konami,  you might  guess 
which game is the better one. 

Although it's true that Sunsoft's 'Roadrunner' and 'Super SWIV  / 
Firepower 2000' were quite good, this time they didn't succeed in 
impressing me.
But  Konami ones again turns your Super NES into an  arcade  with 
their 'Super Star Wars'-like Batman game.

'Batman:  Revenge of the Joker' rather looks like an 8-bit  game. 
Only the colourful and sometimes waving backgrounds use the Super 
NES's capabilities.  Apart from that,  the graphics are poor, the 
music / sound FX are worse and the game itself is simply boring!!
The Batman-character resembles the one from the old TV-series  in 
which that ridiculous Boy Wonder accompanies him.

You  are  only capable of shooting your enemy (so no  kicking  or 
punching),  and along your way you can pick up different kinds of 
weapons.  If  you  have collected 6  six  weapon-icons,  you  can 
activate  your  mega-blaster.  When you use this,  it  will  give 
Batman  a  gold colour (and therefore invincibility) so  that  it 
looks like he came right out of a bloody GameBoy!!

The end-level bosses aren't impressive either.  In fact your long 
awaited confrontation with The Joker is very disappointing.  Each 
level has got its own password, which you can use after your game 
is over.

The  pictures you get to see between the levels are pretty  good, 
but they can't save this game from the trashcan.


Graphics......................43%


Sound.........................45%


Lastability...................27%


Playability...................54%



OVERALL.......................38%
   


'Batman Returns'
I already mentioned that 'Batman Returns' has got a lot in common 
with JVC's 'Super Star Wars':  Both games stay very close to  the 
movie. 
After the inevitable Konami intro,  we get to see some  digitized 
pictures  of the motion picture (could be better) along with  its 
story, and great 'film'music.
So far,  so good.  But when the actual game starts the excitement 
really  begins!  'Batman  Returns' is not  an  ordinary  beat-em-
up! The characters are huge and the graphics create an atmosphere 
just like in the film.
You can pick up several goodies;  bonus points,  extra energy  or 
bat test tubes. A bat test tube is a kind of mega-bomb.
Batman can do different things:

Level type I:                      Level type II:

A : Throw boomerang                A : Use rope
B : Jump                           B : Jump
Y : Punch, Kick                    Y : Throw boomerang
L or R : Defend yourself           L or R : Defend yourself

L or R + X : Use bat test tube     L or R + X : Use bat test tube
B + Y : Special move


As  you can see there are two kinds of  levels.  Moreover  Konami 
included a batmobile-level!!
When  you do the special move (B + Y),  all the enemies  who  are 
close to  you,  will be thrown on the ground.  However every time 
you use this move (and hit someone),  Batman looses a bit of  his 
energy.
You can punch and kick your enemy by using the Y-button; hold the 
enemy  (by walking into him) and then beat him up real  bad;  and 
Batman can also grab two enemies and smash their heads together!! 
Windows  or fences will break,  when you throw an  enemy  towards 
one. 
Now and then,  a few citizens will pass by,  but  (unfortunately) 
you can't hit them.
The  end-level  bosses (including Catwoman and The  Penguin)  are 
great!
The batmobile-part is very nice for a change in gameplay. 
After completing a level, you will see a scene of the movie. 

But not anything in this game is fantastic:
There is practically no end-sequence (pretty disappointing);  the 
digitized  pictures are very small (and not as good as in  'Super 
Star  Wars');  and  although there are quite a lot  of  different 
enemies,  after  a while you get bored with the  characters  (but 
then again, nearly all beat-em-ups have got that problem).
Because 'Batman Returns' has so much in common with 'Star  Wars', 
you   automatically start to compare the two games.  And  I  must 
admit that overall 'Super Star Wars' is better.
But nevertheless 'Batman Returns' crushes 'Revenge of the Joker'.
I am never too keen on beat-em-ups,  but I had a lot of fun  with 
'Batman Returns'.


Graphics......................95%


Sound.........................80%


Lastability...................78%


Playability...................87%



OVERALL.......................90%


NASO.

