CYBERNATOR

Review by Naso (28-01-1993)

                           CYBERNATOR


Another  8 meg shoot-em-up from Konami is out for the Super  NES: 
Cybernator!  Somewhere in the future of the Earth, two tribes are 
fighting each other over the moon.  You become a guy called  Jake 
who is controlling his battlemech or assault suit. This suit is a 
gigantic robot in which you take place to go and blast your enemy 
away (it looks a bit like the robot-machine in Aliens). The enemy 
leader is Major Beldark, an great battlemech fighter himself.

This  game is more than a normal shooter.  It  contains  platform 
levels,  side-scrolling levels and no-gravity zones.  And all the 
time  you  are controlling this high-tech robot which  can  shoot 
almost  anything away.  It can even blast holes in the walls  and 
floors. And when you destroy an enemy robot, you can see the tiny 
human  beings  running  away from you (in  mission  two  you  can 
exterminate them also!).  

After the appearance of the famous Konami intro,  an introduction 
Cybernator starts.  You'll see a demo-play of Mission one and the 
situation is explained in a scrolling text.  Next you can  choose 
Game  Start or Option.  The Option screen contains a  name  entry 
option,  a mono/stereo switch,  a music (and noise) test and  the 
possibility of changing the controls of your Super NES Controller 
which can be useful if you don't like the default configuration. 

When  the  game starts,  the battlemechs are  leaving  battleship 
Versis. You can see a map of the area, and Jake explains the goal 
of  the mission.  In the beginning of (and also during) the  game 
several  messages are being brought to you by the  commanders  in 
charge. At the bottom of the screen an icon appears with the face 
of  the  one who is communicating to  Jake.  These  drawings  are 
typical Japanese ones.  It may be useful or fun in the beginning, 
but when you have played the game several times,  these  messages 
start to annoy you. Fortunately you can speed them up by pressing 
one  of  the buttons.  Messages concerning your status  and  your 
weapons are shown below the score.
The  guys at Konami really tried to make up a good  story  behind 
the game.

When you press the 'pause' button,  a vague white map appears  on 
which you can see where you are.

You shoot in the direction in which you steer, unless you use the 
'hold' function.  In that case your gun stays pointed at the same 
direction which can be very useful in the no-gravitiy zones.

You are able to control four different  weapons:  Vulcan;  Punch; 
Missile;  Laser.  You  already  have  Vulcan  and  Punch  in  the 
beginning,  but  you must collect the other two during the  game. 
Weapons  can be upgraded by Power chips (P) which you  can  fetch 
along your way.  You can see the status of your current weapon on 
the screen at all times.  Every P reduces the number next to  the 
ammunition-bar closer to 1. The following Power chip will upgrade 
your weapon to a higher level (L2 or L3) and the number goes from 
1 back to a higher number again.

Your Assault suit can do other things.  It can use a shield; when 
you  jump it temporarily uses a jet booster;  it can use a  super 
dash. 

You can also collect Health chips (H) which restore your health.

Every mission has got its own goal, but it isn't always necessary 
to  complete  a  mission successfully (that  is  pretty  unique). 
Therefore  the  reactions of your lovely Commander  Crea  can  be 
quite  different.  And also there are different endings  of  this 
game. 
  In  mission  one (Colony attack) Jake must destroy  the  energy 
booster of the main flagship of the enemy.
  Mission two (Orbital hideout) contains a side-scroll and a  no-
gravity part. Jake is supposed to attack a mining camp.
  Meteor  station  Arc Nova is the main target in  Mission  three 
(Attack on Arc Nova). First you must get inside, and then destroy 
the engines.
  During  the next part (Atmosphere entry) you will go  to  Earth 
and meet Major Beldark for the first time,   but he escapes.  
  The  fourth Mission (Twilight pursuit) brings you to  an  enemy 
base on Earth. There you need to destroy an enemy supply shuttle.
  We're  not done yet:  In Mission five (Gunfire  Mountains)  you 
find yourself in a dark cave.  However you use your lights  (just 
like  in  one of the last levels of Super Mario World!)  and  you 
must  find  your way out.  Outside you blast the  enemy  guns  to 
oblivion.     
  And  if  you're not sick and tired,  Mission six  (Last  Stand) 
awaits.  The scenery looks a lot like Contra III. And your second 
fight  with Major Beldark takes place in a hall of the  Federated 
States.  But  the coward escapes again,  only to meet you in  his 
ultimate fighting-machine.  And when this one is  destroyed,  the 
war is over....

Finally you are treated to a wonderful end-sequence.  It  depends 
on you how the story ends.  After a credit list, you can see your 
final score.
 
You  have three continues.  The countdown (while you  can  choose 
between Continue or Game Over) is truly  amazing!!  The numbers 9 
to 0 are formed by vectorballs.

The graphics are very good,  and detailed: the cartridge-cases of 
the  Vulcan-weapon are coming out of the Assault  suit;  you  can 
shoot  holes  in almost any wall;  there are a lot  of  different 
enemy robots,  tanks and flying objects (my favorite one was  the 
huge ED-209-like robot in Mission four).
And also the sound-effects are great, the music is average (which 
is  still great on a Super NES!!).  You can hear them one at  the 
time in the music test option.


Graphics.................93%

Sound....................82%

Lastability..............79%

Playability..............95%


OVERALL..................87%


NASO.
