SUPER STARWARS

Review by Naso (29-01-1993)

                         SUPER STAR WARS

JVC  and  LucasArts present one of the most  exciting  games  yet 
available on the wonderful Super NES! You can't believe your eyes 
when  you watch the introduction for the first  time:  it's  just 
like you are looking at the beginning of the Star Wars movie. And 
I've  never  seen a game which follows the story of the  film  so 
closely!  If you are familiar with the motion picture,  this game 
lets  you  go through it all again.  Luke  Skywalker,  Han  Solo, 
Chewbaka,  'Obi Wan' Ben Kenobi,  C3PO,  R2D2,  princess Leia and 
Darth Vader: they are all present.

A Rebel-mothership is under severe attack,  and we see an escape-
capsule  making  its way to a planet.  Next  it's  showtime!  You 
control  Luke  Skywalker  as  he makes his  way  to  the  crashed 
capsule.  Fortunately you have your laser-gun,  and you're  gonna 
need it if you want to kill the pit monster. If you complete this 
first  level,  a scene of the movie follows:  C3PO is crying  for 
your help. His counterpart R2D2 has been captured by sand people.
Level  two  is  even  more  stunning  than  the  first  one,  and 
totally different as well. Together with C3PO you are heading for 
a sandscrawler,  a big moving tank of the Jawas,   in which  they 
hold R2D2. 
Well  the  whole game goes on like  this.  Free  R2D2,  find  Ben 
Kenobi,  meet  Han  Solo and Chewbaka,  escape from  the  planet, 
attack enemy battleships,  free Princess Leia and finally destroy 
the ultimate weapon of the Dark Side;  the Death Star!!  It takes 
quite some time to get to the big end scene.

Between the levels,  you see a scene of the Star Wars film.  When 
you've  met Han Solo you can choose your  player:  Luke,  Han  or 
Chewie.  They all have their own capabilities,  but Luke  is  the 
only  one who posseses the light saber (which he got  from  Ben). 
When you change your gun for the sword,  you hear Ben  say:  "Use 
the Force Luke!"

You can upgrade your weapon by picking up little white guns. Your 
ordinary blaster turns into a flame (thrower),  a seeker, a rapid 
ion and finally into a plasma (gun).  But if you loose your life, 
you start again with your blaster.
Your  strentgh is shown in the form of a health sword at the  top 
of the screen.  Every enemy you shoot leaves a heart, which fills 
up the energy bar if you collect one.  The health sword itself is 
lengthened by little swords.
A clock will give you a time bonus (although there no such  thing 
as  an  'out of time'),  and Luke becomes invincible  for  a  few 
moments if he gets a shield.
Pick up a little Darth Vader-mask,  and you will have a 2x  point 
bonus.

At the end of each level you'll receive a time and a lives bonus. 
The  game can't be continued in any way,  so if you've  lost  all 
your lives you'll have to start all over again!! (That can really 
piss you off!) However it does have an option mode,  in which you 
can set the difficulty:  easy,  brave and Jedi.  And apart from a 
mono / stereo switch, you can change the controls of your pad.

A - Change weapon (only works when Luke has a light saber)
B - Jump (if you steer while jumping, you'll jump higher)
Y - Shoot
X - Special (like a thermal detinator)

L and R - Explore 

You  can  slide by steering down and push B.  And if your  in  an 
aircraft, the B-button will activate jet boosters.

Super  Star  Wars  really  is a  great  game.  The  graphics  are 
excellent  and the music is stunning!!  The characters look  just 
like the actors,  the melodies sound like film music.  And  don't 
worry  about  playability,  'cause you can control Luke  (or  any 
other  character) perfectly.  I must say that I'v  always been  a 
big  Star Wars fan,  but even if you've never seen the  movie(s), 
this game will keep you busy for a long time!  So join the  Rebel 
Alliance and destroy the Empire.


Graphics.................98%

Sound....................94%

Playability..............92%

Lastability..............91% 


OVERALL..................97%


NASO. (Already looking forward to Super Empire Strikes Back!!)
