SIGHT SEEING

                    First some facts...........

Sometime ago i was reading an article about the human eye('s).
It was quite an interesting article because it claimed that our eye's
make a lot of mistakes.
Our eye's can see color (oh really ?), this looks normal(in our eye's)but
only a few creatures have the capacity to do so.
Apes can also see in full color but an eagle can't, although it has a great
sight.
We also can see depth, in other words our eyes are very complex in comparison
with other creatures.

Because of this great complexity our eye's and brain make a lot of mistakes,
for instance,

If you are standing on a 50 metres high building and you look down to the
ground, the ground seems to be very far away.
On the ground however these same 50 metres seem to be very close by !

Our eyes fail all the time, everytime when we move our eye there is a gap
between those movements.
We don't see that gap because our brain fills those gaps with an image (sort 
of a copy from what the eye saw) and it looks like nothing happend.
This gap filling happens quite a few times in a second, this means that we are
half blind !
This also explains why some people see things that are not there because our
brains projects a false image.

Hey' we only can see a small piece of colorspectre, but that's not all....
Everybody knows that you can create a bigger or smaller looking room if
you use certain colors on your walls !
It's all illusion !

Sciencetist's say that it his a miracle that people can see the same things
that other people also see.
Well what do we actually see,

                         WHAT DO WE SEE ANYWAY !!??

Imagine you are walking down the street and you see a gorgeous girl !
You can ask yourself: is she really that gorgeous or is my brain playing
games on me.
It could well be an ugly guy with a hairy nose, or monkey for all i know.

Hey i could be on the Eiffeltower and think " jeeee this thing is high "
but it is only half of it's actual lenght !
The people who build the thing thought that they've build a high tower !

Is my diskette really blue, hell it could well be pink or red.
Are circles really circles or are they actually squares.
If martians have a color that we can't see are they then invisible ??
Man, there could be hunderds of martians walking around my place, i can't
see them !!

Our ears !! We only can hear things between 20.000 hz and 20.000 Khz !
Those martains can also make noise that we don't hear, they can actually
talk with eachother on 40.000 Khz. and we can't hear them !

Is it "Van Halen" that i listen to or is it actually "London Beat" !
What kind of computer do i own, it looks like a ST but i could well be an
Amigaaa......
When you read this it could look to you like total carbage, when you
read the same sentences that i thought i wrote, your just as paranoid
as i'am..........


                         Greetings........, Slimer

 
