FIRATO REPORT

FIRATO REPORT.

The reason why I haven't written many texts for the D.B.A. Disk-
magazine 6 is due to the fact that I am 17.

I know some of you will start thinking that such an excuse is a
lame excuse, well it isn't! In the netherlands I'm obliged to 
attend school. 

The school decided that all young technicians should go to the 
firato, to see what it is like to work in that sector.

Now something about the firato. The firato is a fair for all 
companies and salesmen in the electro business. The companies
show all the new stuff they will produce, and the things they
have improved.

This year the firato was held in Amsterdam, the capital city
of the Netherlands. As I attend a school in Zwolle, a city
in about the centre of the Netherlands, whe had to travel to 
the firato by bus. I don't live in Zwolle, but I live in 
Steenwijk with my parents, so at 7.00 am I was at the local 
station to catch the train of 7.14 am so that I arrived at 8.00
am. at school. From there we took the bus to the firato.
At about 10.30 we arrived in Amsterdam.

The first thing we saw in the firato where some shitty blamiga's
which played some packtracker musics, and did other uninteresting
stuff. I thought O shit now I will get some comment over Atari 
not being at the Firato. Most of the suckers in my class won't 
understand that an Atari is much better than those comunistic
calculators of those. And yes there it went " You see Amiga is 
at this fair, and where is Atari? you see we are much better than 
you!" 

We walked a bit further and yes God had heard my prayors Atari
had a stand of his own, which of course was much nicer than those
three amiga's. I showed the rest the TT, the Falcon which wasn't 
running by the way! And for the rest of the day I haven't had a
single comment. 

We continuet our journey through the wonderful world of chips,
voltmetre's and stereo euipment. We saw how radio was made by
the TROS (The second best radio/TV station of the Netherlands).
Than we arrived at the Philips stand.

Philips showed it's CD-I (Interactive compact Disk). 
This must be the machine which will get Philips out of it's 
financial problems. YOu can compare the system with an computer.
you put the CD in the player, and you can choose with a track-
ball al kinds of things. You can control for intstance a figure
in a game. Or you can learn with it by selecting the things
you want to know on an CD which contains an encoclypedia.

When we stroled further we saw the DCC from Philips. This is
a small cassete which it a bit thicker than the "normal" 
cassettes. They say that the quality of the sound is much better.
You can copy CD's on it, but you can also buy ready made tapes.

This is another product of phillips which must save them from 
the great monster in stereo's: Sony. 

Another thing from Philips was the "Breedbeeld TV" (an TV with 
an extra width screen.) It can show D2-MAC signals full size. 
If you have a "normal" TV you can see those signals too, but
you will miss 2 borders due to the fact that your TV is to small.

Philips and Kodak developed the photo CD which was also at the
fair. With this machine you can show your photos on TV.

All of this was very nice, but I think that phillips will get 
much trouble keeping up their heads in the fast rising water.

There where also other stands from other companies like Aiwa, 
Akai, Yoko, Pioneer, Bose and much more. But most of those
stands had nothing very special. They only showed stereo's
with a new design.

Pioneer has invented a new kind of toy which makes music if 
you shake it. You can create all kinds of sound-effects with
this toy which was a bit interesting.

Denon has made new amplifiers, tuners, CD players, and more. 
Nothing new, the only difference was the price: for instance
for an amplifier you had to pay: f 8999.--. A bit high don't
you think? 

Sony showed it's mini-disk, the succesor of the cassete. It is 
a small diskette which can contain about 72 songs. All of the 
new sony Car Stereo's contained such a system, and a new kind
CD swapper. The CD swapper is placed just above the amplifiers in
the trunk. 

Sony  also invented a satalite navigation system for in a car. 
You can see the road map on a small TV at the dashboard.

Sony showed also it's new mini towers, which can play up till 
5 CD's. Not all at once of course! 

Sony didn't show much, but what they showd was all very, 
very nice. 

I will stop now coz I feel the urge to code now.

O.T.M. greetz you!

