EDITORIAL


EDITORIAL PART BY SLIMER,

~editords.bl2~


Hello dear reader, welcome to issue number 8 of our beloved magazine( Slime ).
Many people thought that this issue wouldn't even be released on the ST(E)
but on the new Falcon computer.
We are not planning to stop our activities on the ST(E), no we are actually
planning to release a ST and a Falcon issue for the time beeing.
The problem at the moment is that the activity on the ST(E) scene is droped 
below zero, everybody is still waiting for that new(case) Falcon to come.
It will take some months before most members of the D.B.A. own a Falcon
and till that time we shall remain active on the ST(E) !

There are also some changes in the group, several members have left the D.B.A.
or are not active at the moment.
These members are,

Mr. Cool  ( He has no time anymore for the computer bussines, he stopped
           all swapping and magazine activities and left D.B.A. ).

Thrud     ( Dumped because we never heard or saw something from this guy ).

Dizzy     ( He regrets leaving D.B.A. but he has no choice because he and
           his wife will soon expect a baby, he had to stop all activities ).
           All members of the D.B.A. wish you much luck and happiness for the
           future !! 

K.G.E.    ( Is not active as a coder at the moment maybe in the future ).

Formactiv ( Has sold his ST, wait's for the Falcon to drop down ).

Altough those people are very important for the group, we shall try to
continue at the same quality level as we did in the previous issue's !

To make a bit up for the losses, we have three new members in the D.B.A.
magazine team. 
Two new members are know as the Redlite and they are situated in the U.K.

The names are:

Abstract: swapper and articles writer
District: coder and tracker composer

and the third is ----> Shadowmaster (A.M.) for the gfx !!!!!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Well, what do we have in store for you,

* We have about 7 parts of a realtime article from the "Fried Bits" 
  convention in Bremen, Germany !!
* There is again lots of news in the news corner.
* Like always we have lots of CD reviews for you to check out.
* Do you want to know how many elephant jokes there are ??
  Then look in the Lauchbox.
* This issue also features the first midres. graphics by me, Slimer.
* Hey man we've got more then 20 (text)pictures in this issue !
* People who like poems can find enough of them in both the Ms. Angel and
  the Poems corners.
* Do you want to see how many smiley's there are for modem freaks, then
  check the Modem corner !
* We have charts in the Opinion corner.
* You can find around 70 PAGES(!!!) of movie goofs in the mindfood corner
  supplied by CP-3-69( thanks man ).
* Please read the "Falcon to late" article in the Falcon corner and don't
  forget to read the CEBIT '93 article for news on the newest software !
* You also can find a roundup of the big D.B.A. inquiry in the Opinion
  corner, these papers where send to several groups, you can read more
  about it in the article.
* If you are in VCR's and Amplifiers, you have to check the Hi-Fi box !
* The review corner is also stuffed and there are also some reviews on
  demo's in the STE corner.
* There is also a very bad written "horror" story in the craptalk corner,
  don't forget to look at the second part as it contains some grafix.

As always the rest of our regulars are also cool to check out !

One last little note on this part, some articles are a bit dated because they
missed the previous issue.
Next subject,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      ~memo.bl2~









I was reading the scrolltext of a new group called Unreal (they make compils)
The D.B.A. interview program was on their disk and they asked people to send
them the interviews to make some sort of a Docdisk out of it.
I must be wrong but i really thought that we made this small program to help
US collecting interviews for our magazine and NOT making doc disks for other 
groups !!

So, Unreal i really hope that this was a typing mistake in your scrolltext
and that you are planning to send them to us or ask permission first.
We are not slagging people like most of our readers noticed already but we
ask their purposes first.
There are also other people involved with this magazine that send us their
articles/interviews to be published in one of our issue's !
We have a obligation to those people that their articles will be put to good
use and that they not appear in the wrong places !

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
That's it for Unreal, now for a little message to Stax,

You wrote in your scrolltext some criticism about the Compil roundup.
We'll i have to make some things clear right away about this,

1. Several groups are specialised in intro's and others in for instance PD
   games and utilities.
   But those groups also pack intro's on there compils, to keep it short it
   is sometimes very confusing to keep them all apart.

2. Indeed i didn't took a close look at the disksaving of the packed programs.
   I looked only at the quality of the stuff on the disks and i think
   that the disksaving is quite good with all of them.
   By the way i rather see a 5 quality intro's then 10 shitty ones packed
   on one disk.

3. Me and some other members think that new stuff on compils is very important
   because old stuff is no use for us.
   We like to keep our eyes on the scrolling messages in some intro's for
   instance !

I share your opinion a little bit though and i will take the criticism in
consideration.
Well, keep up the good work......... 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We hope that you all have a nice time reading this issue and that you will
keep helping us by sending in some articles.
Remember lets keep the ST(E) scene alive as long as we can, hey and we are
not planning to buy a shitty Amiga 1200 !!

See you on the ST and hopefully in the near future on the megamighty Falcon !

                      D.B.A. and the magazine team

