MS ANGEL 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx MS. ANGEL'S CORNER xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

 Hi guys, I am back again! Everything alright with you? What about the
D.B.A. party on 14 december last? That was really great!!! I have heard
nice things about that party. So this new magazine is a lot more inter-
esting than last one I hope. This time I have for you poems, news,
articles about enjoying your life, tips for building up your condition,
drink the cold away and an Love Horoscope.   
Also in this magazine you can read an interview with me so I had promised
you last time. I hope you'll like it. For the rest Ecto 1 is in the
army can you say but I haven't really that feeling. Maybe there are
more people of D.B.A. with that same feeling! He said to me it's nice
for to go on vacation!!! Really I am a little bit jealous I think!
Of course greetings to all D.B.A. members and other people who read
our fantastic magazine. Vi ses for a little friend of me from Sweden.


 De mazzel/ doei/ bye/ hej da/ 




                            Ms Angel
                                       xxx

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
              NEWS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


*   Nellie Mitchell from little Rock ( Arkansas ) 96 years old smiles!
  She got 1,5 milion dollar compensation because an newspaper said she
  was pregnant!! The newspaper Sun said the story wasn't true. The
  newspaper had taken an archif picture from 1980 of ms. Nellie M.
  as lady of a kiosk for newspapers. Then she was 85 years old. The
  Sun thought the lady was death in the mean time.



*  Business psychologe H. of Emmerik from Holland conclusion about
  a researchment about ambition between men and women is:
     Matters like work is the same for both ( nice place for working
     nice people and good paying) 
 The different between men and women are the facts of the situation at
 home. Women want the possibility for working parttime and children
 reception. The shortage of these provisions want to be seen if an
 important problem for follow the carreer they want!



*  The Dutch KLM airlines want to weigh her passengers because espec-
  ially business people take their luggage with them alot. Of resear-
  ment is seen it's about the weigh of 4 or 5 Pay passengers.
  People don't like it a lot for weigh before they can go inside the
  Dutch aircraft.










TO BE ALONE WITH YOU
====================

 To be alone with you, just you and me
now won't you tell me true
ain't that the way it ought to be
to hold eachother tight the whole night through?
Everything is always right when I am alone with you

 To be alone, at the close of the day
with only you in view
while evening slips away
it only goes to show that while lifes pleasures be few,
the only one I know, is when I am alone with you

 They say the nighttime is the right time
to be with the one you love,
too many thoughts get in the way in the day
but you're always what I am thinking of
I wish the night was here, bringing me all of your charms
when only you are near, to hold me in your arms
I love it to be alone with you






Enjoy your life
ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ


 Sport is good for:   * your body
                      * more oxygen to your brains
                      * finish stress
                      * strengthen your inmune system



-  People who are healthy can life more without problems

-  A strong body suffers less beneath a lot of food, drink of stress
   factors.

-  Who's healthy can enjoy his of her life a lot more because his or
   her energy reserve is bigger and has a stable health.





Tips for building up your condition
ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ


 &  A training of 45 till 60 minutes is the best ( in this time all 
    functions of the body are optimum in charge ).

 &  It isn't necessary to sport every day for a optimum result. Each
    two days is good enough. Your body can rest then. Breaks for 
    longer time isn't so good idea. Your body is forget your last
    effort and gives the reaction if it's the first time you will be
    in charge.

&  The best for you is to sport between 16.00h and 20.00h.
   Your body is then optimum tuning in sportarchievement.





DRINK THE COLD AWAY!
====================


œ  when you want to sport eat sugar.

œ  enjoy of a cup hot chocolatmilk. cup of tea of a health bar before you
   will walk or ski.

œ  drink alot! The cold will you dry up and will transpirate alot more
   now in your thick sweater.

œ  when you have warm and the other moment cold your body asked you for 
   more fluid.

œ  warm drinks are corporal and mental buck ups!

œ  don't drink alcohol, After that warm feeling you will be very cold!!                                                                  






YOU
+++


life is going on
but the days without you
takes so very long
I can't forget you
the pain in my heart
is so big
without you
I feel so snarl
because I love you
so very much..                                






LOVE HOROSCOPE
**************


FISH  (21 FEBR. T/M 20 MARCH)
-----------------------------


This people are the most idealistic and romantic people. They can be wrapped 
up in a relationship totally. They feel really great when somebody loves them.
The fishes are particular careful and feel your feelings. They are very
sensitive and tender-hearted. They enjoy a strong emotional relationship.
Fishes are very vulnerable and after a nice relationship they are often
very broken. They are very ambitious.



RAM  (21 MARCH T/M 20 APRIL)
---------------------------


They are particular passionate and generous for people they love. They are
warm and enthousiast and can tell their feelings very well. Rams are nice
people, social and extrovert. They have a lot animal spirits and often they
are the pace-maker of a party. It's very nice to have a ram as friend.
But when there are problems in the relation you can see wrinkles in his
or her forehead. They are very sad when they are disappointed in love,
that's a real problem! Outside the Ram is cheerful but inside they are very 
vulnerable and tender-hearted. A Ram is in love very soon and their lover
is number one. They like one partner for his life but when there comes
problems they will find excitement, attention and love. They are senti-
mental and impulsive.



BULL  (21 APRIL T/M 20 MAY)
--------------------------


They are very faithful and like certaintly and a stable basis. When it's
real love they are very romantic and sensitive. Certainty is very
important for bulls. They want emotional satisfaction and balance. Bulls
are indeed passionate but stiff and immovable too. That isn't always nice
for somebody who needs alternation. Many people fall in love for his charme,
good looking, calm and unbend behaviour of a bull. Bulls hate to be in hurry 
when it's about love. They want certainty before they want a strong relat-
ionship with someone. A bull is very reliable in love and very possessive
too. Bulls must learn to give their partner a little bit freedom. A bull
likes certainty so he want to marry you soon.



TWIN  (21 MAY T/M 20 JUNE)
-------------------------


They are very fickle and they don't like a strong relationship. Sometimes
they are a little bit inconstant but very romantic. cheerful and enter-
taining. Twins like talking but they hate ratle-brain people. When they
like someone he don't be dull or normal. They want to talk for hours only to 
see what the other person moves. Twins like alternation in love. Faithful
is very difficult for a twin and really flirts. They are very inquisitive
and they are always frightened to go wrong for their love of their love
of their life. Even when they are married very happy. They like a double
life. Each moment a twin can have another opinion about something. Some
people say you can't trust a twin and they can't make a decision. A twin
can flirt very well.



CRAB  ( 21 JUNE T/M 20 JULY)
---------------------------


They are afraid for pain and emotions are very important. They want give 
over in a good relation totally. A crab likes to be in the neighbourhood
of his partner. A crab don't doubt in love. When it's Yes, then it's Yes
too! They want a strong relationship and no flirts. Without real love
they are really unhappy and incomplete. The partner of a crab can get the 
feeling of possessive and no life for his own.



FREEDOM
------- 



Oh, what's the world beautiful
when you're in love
it's so nice for to be happy
i know it's great for to have friends
i like it for to be in love
but when i am nice to you 
please don't think i love you
understand me
i can't give you
what you expect of me
please..
LET ME FREE!






 So guys this was the end for this magazine and I hope there where things
you like very much. Many stuff for serious, sportife and romantic people.
What about the interview of me I hope Slimer is satisfied. Do you know it
of the last magazine? He was so afraid with an interview with me so in
this magazine it was his turn! So enjoy it I will say. Slimer your
interview was really great! Bye!
                                


                  Greetings of ms Angel (c) 1992 

                   
