
{*f1 NINE YEARS LATER{*f0

  ----------------- Another Boring Story of Gran'pa STS :) -----------------
  
    Hello children, tonight (as we are on December 25th 7pm) I'm going to tell 
you the story of that little plastic box I'm typing  this text on : my beloved 
black STe ! Look at it by yourself :

{*i sts.pi1 m 0 10 0 100}

    This is a real Christmas story so get  prepared to have a good cry :) Last 
night my STe grew one year older pushing to dusty little thing to the long age 
of nine years, a longevity no PC can brag about these days !

    Yes I still remember going with  my father and  little brother to that Hi-fi 
and Computer  store. We had  decided to change computer, though I still used our 
monochromous Apple 2C. The choice would  either be the Amiga 500 or the STe both 
computers of the newly born 16 bits generation. What made me choose the STe ???? 
Well first the Amiga was about 15% more expensive (at that time a STe cost about 
160 Euros hey no cheap for a kid) and most of the guys I knew had STs :) Later I 
found out that most games were designed for Amigas only but I've never regretted 
this choice and would even say today I'm proud of it !

    As usual I spent the first 3 years getting as many cracked games as possible 
not even thinking  things could be  otherwise. Sometimes I managed to get 20 new 
games a week ! Gosh that was  incredible for  a kid (erm well I was 16 :). Later 
like all my ST  fellows  games I started  being worried  by the many "ST version 
cancelled" that could be read in  video games magazines ! I saw great games that 
would never be  mine and I felt had to react ! Damm  it was already 93-94 and it 
took me too long to wake up. I sent letters to  games publishers, wrote articles 
to make people  move and  buy the  few good  games  left. I came to hear strange 
stories like the release of  FLASHBACK by Delphine  Software : they told me they 
had hired another company to work on the ST convertion and that this company had 
not  been able  to do  it  in  the planned  period  so  the  project  was merely
forgotten... Maybe we'll get hold of some pieces someday :) 

    Only in 1994 when  games were  so scarce that  we started to  fill our disks 
with strange programs called demos I caught a glimpse  of that hidden  world but 
as long as there were games I didn't feel that drawn to it. The  first demo that 
really got me interested was Tekno  Drugs, a nice  Ste democlip by NLC. From the 
addresses I found in the end-part I phoned Thyrex. After  quite a long chat with 
a guy I had never  met he  offered  me the  position of  main editor in a French 
diskmag called ToXic Mag. God that was 5 years ago already :)

    That year I started  painting too, especially  after enjoying great pictures 
by gods named  Niko, Mic, Nytrix (wrong  spelling ?) and  others. I  heard about 
strange meetings  called Coding  Parties and  decided to go  there and  find out 
about this mistery. Thus my  first CP was the Place  To Be Again, maybe the last 
great ATARI party in France (in my opinion) and it was about 900 kms far from my 
place :) I was already  nut I guess... There I made friends with many guys I had 
only talked to  via minitel (our  French  internet :) and  met guys from Diamond 
Design, Dune, ACCS, Atrocity, Holocaust... That was great !!

   Years passed by and people vanished... Most of them left us great "souvenirs" 
but it's also hard to forget that some of them never gave away their last demos. 
It sounded like disrespect to  the survivors to  me and it still does. Where are 
the demos ILLUSION by Dune (which came first at the PTB2 but that no one but the 
organizers saw !!), Phototro by Hemoroids, Final by Extream, Jacktro by ACF ???? 
I hope someday  they  will realize the  machine isn't dead and that every little 
contribution is another sign of life.

   Well the year is 1999 and  only a  handful of us  are left... No need  to cry 
because the scene has never been  such a nice  place to me. Okay... sometimes we 
fight like kids (incl I) but the  relations  between the  members of  that great 
community are much closer than before and surely more European than most ppl out 
there :) 9 years ago  I never  thought I'd  still be  on ST (instead  of running 
after girls :) and work with great  guys from  Sweden, Germany, Poland, Holland, 
UK, Finland... 

    This year was surely the best year I  had ever spent on  my STe !! Who could 
have predicted so many releases !! Early in January Cream had launched Do Things 
which is still one of my favourite demos while Leonard released Nostalgic'O (not 
the promised demo). Later in the  year came Error  In Line the  best party I had 
ever attended ! The atmosphere and the ppl there were so cool ! Not to forget if 
that was possible (:) the great releases both on ST and Falcon ! That was a pure 
Atari dream and I hope the Sillyventure 2000 will be as  great ! There was not a 
single month following EIL  without  another release  whatever it  was a demo, a 
game or utility. Some old schoolers like  Keops/Equinox or Mike/Stax or the guys 
of Torment  among  others came  back  to life to our greatest pleasure ! Virtual 
Escape for  example  is a  fucking  great  demo and  missing  it would have been 
terrible (though basically we would have never been aware of what we had missed, 
right ? :). Evil kept organising online compos and gave us great intros with the 
results... And UCM was almost released on a regular basis ;)

    Another great party  was the Pre  Millenium Party organized by FUN. I wish I 
could have been  there as  all the  reports were very positive. Another friendly 
party was the Paracon2 I didn't attend for personal reasons  but I'll do my best 
to be in Poland for the new Eastern Party ! 

    I have also bought a  Falcon, hey that's a  feat for a tight-fisted guy like 
me :) I don't think I'll ever  paint  on it (who knows...) but I enjoy demos and 
WHIP! for a start  we'll  see then. Projects ? Well I  don't know... I phoned to 
Thyrex a few days ago and well you'll  see... no promises :) To be honest I have 
lost all motivation to  paint over  the last  months and  most of you my friends 
know why :( I'm trying  to win  her heart  once again  so right now I have other 
priorities... But I'd like to work with cool people again as  I did in the past. 
Well it's going  to be time  for the checking/packing/assembling/zipping/testing 
session for this issue of UCM  so let's cut the crap and  end with an uncomplete 
list of greetings to the people who have proved to be friends over the last nine 
years (or less :). I knwo I'll forget people but time is running  against me and 
the booze I've had over the last 2 days isn't helping much :) 


ò    Thyrex...ð      Thanks a lot for giving me a chance ! Going to your place and 
                   organizing the Megafun in Lille was great. I am proud we 
                   managed to release Back In France after so many problems. You 
                   are a real friend and I long to work with you again Franck !
                   
ó    The Beast...ð   Hum I cannot even remember how long we've known :) Must be a 
                   good sign when you don't have to count. Your help and support 
                   on Toxic Mag was so essential, keep my baby alive Stephane. 
                  
ñ    Evil...ð        I cannot imagine our community without you ! You are a sort 
                   of Father to all of us, always being there, answering our 
                   questions, helping us out and bringing us so many cool demos. 
                   Thanks a lot for all you've done Anders ! 
                    
ò    Telsud/Ptif...ð You'll surely never read that but who cares. Working with you 
                   for a full year on TRACE was great though we had technical 
                   difficulties and never quite finished the game. Maybe I'll 
                   phone you someday to dig it out, would be cool ! Anyway I'm 
                   happy we finally released that nice game.
                   
ó    505...ð         Talking about life with you is always such a pleasure ! I 
                   enjoy these moments when the machine fades away... thanks for 
                   your friendship Nils !
    
ñ    Candyman...ð    Over the last months we have spent long hours talking and it 
                   was very important to me to share my feelings with someone I 
                   trust and respect. Best Regards Olaf.
   
ò    Grey...ð        Meeting you again at Eil showed me that the language may be 
                   the barrier but that passion and friendship breaks it 
                   instantly. Hope to meet you very soon Michal, take care mate
                   
ó    Havoc...ð       Long talks, quite a long time ago. I guess we've been too 
                   busy lately but let's do that again for real someday :) Your 
                   advice is always precious to me Peter.
                   
ñ    Earx...ð        Though we seldom had real talks I consider you a friend and I 
                   trust you (esp when you say the UCM shell isn't buggy :). 
                   Let's get drunk together someday Pieter !
    
ò    MC Laser...ð    A real ATARI freak that's what we need to keep us motivated 
                   and I sincerely hope you can stay a UCM intensive support the 
                   way you've been over the years ! See you Stefan
                   
ó    Pheno...ð       Loony as hell and the same goes to his fellows óTinKERð and óThe
                   óBerserkerð but things seem so easy and funny with you. Btw we 
                   are going to kick your ass if you don't release KWEEK soon ! 
                   Cheers Thomas.
                   
ñ    Paranoid...ð   Oliver, you and I have a nice game it's called "get me wrong 
                  before I do". Can't remember how many times we argued before 
                  realizing we wanted things done the same way :) Anyway I think 
                  UCM and I both need you to balance things right. Thank you for 
                  your everyday help and support Oliver !
                  
ò    CosmosH/Zed...ðHappy to meet cool newcomers like you guys ! Meeting you last 
                  summer was very cool to and I hope I can get you move to 
                  Poland and show you how friendly an ATARI party can be ! Keep 
                  going Herve and Franck you are doing cool things ! 
                  
ó    Tao...ð        Your songs always take me so high, what's in there ? Weed ? 
                  whatever you are among the rare old school survivors who still 
                  amaze and mesmerize us, thanks for the dreams Frank
                  
ñ    eDo...ð        I think your huge talent was among the revelations of this 
                  busy year ! Trying to reach your level was a motivation to and 
                  I don't know what the future may be like (u know what I mean). 
                  Anyway you're a great friend Philippe !
                  
ò    Dma Sc...ð     I remember when we first got in touch : you were a newcomer 
                  and that was cool meeting you. When I listen to your chips now 
                  I say to myself "this guy is exceptional" and I think you are, 
                  really Mathieu !
                   

    Hum it's already 8:30pm... Took me more than  an hour to bore  you to death 
and I know the greetings list could extend much longer but I have no time and I 
hope I haven't forgotten too many  of you. I send greetings to all the guys who 
still do things with their Atari and make the Scene such a friendly place. 

ñ---------------------------------------------------------------------- [ STS ]-                     
                                   
     
                    
                      
                                 
                        
                       