{*f1GAME MUSICS{*f0


Sorry if this article isn't great structured and good-english written ...  I hope
it won't be too hard to read (as it has been hard to write ;-).


Even in the first days of video games, the conceptors  already thought music was
a necessity for the mood of it.  And through time,  it evolved together with the
different developpements of computing and trends in music ...

Before the musics were mainly synthetic tunes  produced with soundchips or basic
soundtracker tunes  (with the famous ST-00 samples ... ;-),  so the musician had
to find  melodies  which fitted  the mood of  the game.  Now with  the streaming
replay abilities of CD tracks or compressed formats, u can put any kind of music
or any ambience samples.  So they say  :  "i want this kind of music"  and ask a
specialized musician to do it.  That sometimes results  in musics you can listen
on any radio station ...

Check by  yourself,  they even ask  top-pop-shit-chart ... !  In  Gran Turismo 2
(European  and  US version,  cos  the Jap one  got  wonderful  intrumental  rock
tunes !)  the musics  are done  by Garbage,  Cardigans,  and  others artists  of
pop-music ... Erm, bad !

Bad,  because  these games tunes don't got those great melodies  which  make you
remember a game  just by playing  the tunes from it !  (I remember making  quizz
with my friends ... 8-)  Of course, there are  always  great games musics,  like
Castlevania X, Sonic Aventure, Einhander,  and many other games ...  Jap games !
Japanese game conceptors always keep  in mind  that music is a really  big point
and lots of their games are released together with the Audio cd of the music.

Of course,  the graphic quality of a game  or its playibility  is more important
than the music, but it's any article about video game MUSIC ! ;-)

And as video games  are pure  commercial products,  the music has to be one that
most people like, that's why it follows musical trends.

I mainly listen to instrumental music,  perhaps because i'm a instrumental music
composer ...  For sure,  i also like some radio tunes and  hip-hop, r'n'b, funk,
acid-jazz and  many others styles.  As a musician,  i listen to lots  of kind of
music  to find  inspiration  (even if  i only compose  soundchip stuff  ;-)  and
because i L0VE music !!

I can't understand people who say they don't like music. How could they live ?

I also listen to  'scene'  and game music,  and could  i even say that  i mostly
listen  to  that  kinds  of  music,  eheh.  The  reaction  of  some people  is :
"Game music ?  How could u listen to it ?"... Erm, these are mostly the ones who
only like pop-shits !

The only pop i love is dosk-pop !! ;-D

Most of the old consoles and computers games musics are available  on the net in
their original formats.
Here is list of these (of course you know what are Atari ones ;-) :

- Amiga : ahx (synthetic),  fc (future composer), hip (Hippel),  mon (Maniacs of
Noise) and the famous mod for the main ones.
- Nintendo : nsf (NES), spc (Super Nintendo).
- Sega : gym (Genesys).
- C64 : sid (of course !! 8-).

I hope than other ones will appears soon (like Game Boy or Nec PC-Engine).

With the MP3 invasion, u can also download lots of actual game music.

By the way,  do you know that the soundtracker format is allways used in games ?
The funky car simu Driver uses XM (Fastracker II),  Nightmare Creatures (the N64
version) too and  some games got musics composed on trackers and  then converted
in streams ...  But that's because the composers of these musics have started on
Amiga. Most of the pioneers of scene music work now in game companies.
Driver tunes have been composed by Allister Brimble, knew as Dr Awesome, Project
X 2 ones have been done by Bjorn Lynne, those from Tunnel B1 and Extreme Assault
by Chris Huelsbeck,  and Nightmare Creatures and  Ultimate Race ones by Frederic
Motte known as Moby (not the techno-freak ;-).

U can also find remixes of  games musics, these ones are mostly in MP3  but some
are done with soundtrackers and u can even find CD of remixies. These stuffs are
also available on the net and most of them are great !!


If you're interrested in game music (where to find, discussion, and anything
else), u can contact me by e-mail :

ó                                 dma-sc@wanadoo.fr

First,  i want to wish  a  HAPPY NEW YEAR to  all the AcTiVe  Atari Sceners over
the world !  I also wish you to finish all yours projects  to show others scenes
our improvements  (Optimizing rules !  ;-)  and that  we're not  only  nostalgic
freaks !

               No excuse with Y2K bug, eheh ... for me it's :

{*f1... STAY GREAT ...{*f0
{*f1... STAY ATARI ...{*f0

ñ---------------------------------------------------------------- DMA-SC -------
