                       I    /\
                         N /  \                    M
                     +---- T --\-------+        +/\Y-----+
                     |     \ E  \      |        /  S     |
                     |      \  R \     |   with \  E\    |
                     |       \   V\    |        |\ L \   |
                     +--------\--- I --+        +-\F /---+
                               \  /  E             \/
                                \/     W

ÒInterview with myself

Obviously, nobody likes to interview me. Nothing to be surprised
about, even i am bored to hell listening to myself.
So why should other people think different ? Since this is ÒUCM
however, i somehow think an interview with ÚThe Paranoid should
be appropriate. After all, i did support this magazine for quite
some time by now and nobody can say i have a problem expressing
myself.
So here i go, i simply interview myself and then we'll see what
i _really_ think.

Here it is:
ÒThe Paranoid: Hello, dear Paranoid. This time i have the honour
Òto bore you with my questions. So let us start the usual stuff:
ÒYour nickname is Paranoid, your group is Paranoia. Isn't that a bit
Òboring, to have a groupname so close to your own name ?

ÚYes, that's true. But do you honestly think a groupname like
ÚLuebkanoia or MRFanoia would have been so much better ?

ÒYou could have chosen a name totally different to your own nickname.
ÒAfter all, most groups feature a name different to the names of the
Òmembers of the group.

ÚIs it my fault that there is no one named Whelpanoid in Whelps ?

ÒNo, of course not, but you could have chosen an independant name,
Òlike for example Dead Hackers society, Escape, Reservoir Gods or
ÒFUN industries have.

ÚI think all those names are taken.

ÒYes, i just wanted to show that other groups feature ... Ah, nevermind.
ÒSo why did you chose Paranoid as your nickname ?

ÚOh, that wasn't my only nickname. I had several others before that one.
ÚAfter all, i started on the C64, designing lame intros and docs in a
Úlame editor by WOT, then i started designing lame games on the ST in
Úa lame language named STOS under several lame nicknames.

ÒSounds lame.

ÚWhat is that supposed to mean ?!

ÒWell, you yourself said the word "lame" quite often.

ÚYes, i am allowed to do that but you aren't.

ÒMay i please remind you that you are me ?

ÚDon't confuse me with facts please.

ÒI won't as long as you don't confuse the readers.

ÚToo late.

ÒBut i begin to see now why you named yourself The Paranoid.
ÒTell us something about the projects you currently work on.

ÚI don't really like to talk about those details.

ÒOh come on, you are supposed to talk about details in an interview.

ÚWho said that ?

ÒI guess it's a common procedure of interviewing. I ask you a few questions
Òand you answer them.

ÚHow can you know that it works that way ?

ÒIt worked in several other interviews.

ÚJust because it works there doesn't mean it works here you know.

ÒOh please, don't give me that. You knew very well what you were supposed
Òto do when you agreed on giving this interview. Now don't tell me you
Òweren't going to tell me any details that are essential for an interview
Òlike that.

ÚI never agreed on giving this interview.

ÒOh yes, you did.

ÚDid not.

ÒDid too.

ÚDid not.

ÒDid too.

ÚDid not.

ÒYou did, you did, you did.

ÚNow i'm sulking.

ÒOkay, okay. Let's get to some other questions. Paranoia had a party very
Òrecently, the ParaCon II. Who was there, how was it and is there going to
Òto be another one ?

Ú  -sulks-

ÒI'm waiting.

Ú  -sulks-

ÒI have lots of time ...

Ú  -sulks some more-

ÒYou know, i could make that interview with myself instead of myself, that
Òwould be a lot easier.

ÚGo ahead, do what you like.  -sulks-

ÒLast chance for you to cooperate

Ú  -sulks-

ÒOkay, now to get this lousy interview done, i'll do it with myself instead
Òof myself. Paranoid, you organized a party very recently, the ParaCon II.
ÒHow was it, who was there and are you going to do another one ?

Ú  -sulks-

ÒThere were people from SDT, Escape, Checkpoint, FUN Industries, Foundation
ÒTwo and of course Paranoia. We had a video-beamer, a DVD-player supplied
Òby Luebke inside his G3-Mac, while the video-beamer has been supplied by
ÒMarcstar. We ...

Ú  -sulks-

Ò ... this is no fun.

Ú  -sulks-

ÒCome on, stop sulking, i promise, i won't be asking too intimate questions
Òanymore.

Ú  -sulks-  promised ?

ÒYes.

ÚGood. Okay. I'm listening.

ÒTime for something different: Brainstorming. Although i know you have no
Òbrain ...

ÚEhem

Òi give you a letter and you tell me what you think about it.
ÒA

Ú ...

ÒNow what's wrong ?

ÚI am waiting for you to give me a letter.

ÒI just did.

ÚNo, you didn't. You just wrote it in the text above, but you didn't
Úgive me any letter.

ÒHow am i supposed to give you a letter ? Of course that was meant
Òmetamorphically. 

ÚNow you're trying to confuse me again with words and twists and turns.
ÚWhat am i supposed to do now ? You didn't give me any letters and yet
Úi am supposed to know what you expect of me.

ÒOkay, i'll rephrase that.

ÚGood.

ÒSo even dumbheads like you are one understand what i mean.

ÚLuckily, you and me are the same person so you just insulted yourself.

ÒHmmm ... Ah, nevermind.
ÒOkay, Brainstorming time. I write a letter in the text here and you
Òtell me what jumps into your mind first. No, forget that, we all know
Òvery well that hardly anything crawls into your mind, not to mention
Òjumping.

ÚAre all interviewers as unfriendly as you are ?

ÒOnly when their guests behave extremely stupid.

ÚYour guest ? It is me who hosts you. You are sitting in my most
Úcomfortable chair, drinks my Pepsi, eats my crisps and types on the
Úkeyboard of my Falcon.

ÒNirgh ... We are one person, remember ?

ÚYeah, sure. When i don't understand what you mean, i am the dumbhead
Úall alone, but when you are eating my crisps and drink my Pepsi and
Úneed access to my Falcon, we're all of a sudden one person.

ÒRemind me to leave this group after the interview.

ÚWill do.

ÒBack to the brainstorming bit.

ÚAgain ?

ÒWe haven't done it yet.

ÚYes, but you already took all the fun it might have been out of it.

ÒNevermind. I just mention a letter now and you tell me what you
Òthink about it: A

ÚThat's not one letter, that is a whole bunch of letters, which one
Úshall i take ?

ÒJust ignore the rest and just tell me what you think of this A.

ÚIt looks kind of nice.

ÒWhat ?

ÚYou asked me what i think about that A, and i think it looks kind of
Únice. But it is in a rather high resolution in Everest and not the same
Úwhich is being used within the UCM shell, so i really don't know if it
Úwill look this nice in the finished UCM, too.

Ò ... I can't stand it.

ÚHmmm ?

ÒYou are not supposed to tell me what you think of this A as a graphic
Òbut about the letter A.

ÚAh, now i get it.

ÒOkay, then go ahead.

ÚThe letter A is the first one in the popular latin alphabet that all
Úour central european languages are based on. It has somehow evolved
Úfrom for example the greek, where it is called Alpha and several
Úother early languages of that time. The hebraic language features a
Úletter called Aleph, which is the first letter of that alphabet, too,
Úclearly depicting the close relation between it and the A.
ÚYes, the Alphabet of the hebraic language is even called Aleph-Beth,
Úwhich stresses the common origin of languages and written languages ...

ÒUUUAAAAHHHH !!!!

ÚWhat's the problem ? I was just getting to the good bit.

ÒShut up and listen: I will now write down a table of words and you
Òput a short sentence behind each word in which you write down what
Òthoughts you connect to those words of mine. Okay ?

ÚSounds complicated, but let's give it a try.

ÒA - ASCII     : ÚCool !
ÒB - BeOS      : ÚCool !
ÒC - Christmas : ÚCool !
ÒD - Dodge'em  : ÚCool !
ÒThis isn't working ... ÚHey that's a bunch of letters, which one
                         am i supposed to refer to ?

ÒForget it. Forget anything i have said so far.

ÚThat's easy, you only talked a lot of junk before.

ÒMind if i shoot myself ?

ÚSince you are me, i mind a little, yes ...

ÒAre you aware that this interview is going to be one of the worst
Òever published in UCM ? And it is all your fault.

ÚWhy my fault ? It is you who keeps talking nonsense.

ÒOh yeah, sure, now blame it all on me that you're unwilling to cooperate.

ÚI am not unwilling to cooperate. I never was, but i also haven't had
Úany time to prepare myself. You show up all of a sudden, decide to write
Úan interview, ask stupid questions without asking me first and then blame
Úit all on me if your questions don't work out.

ÒIt's not my questions. Those have been asked dozends of times before in
Òother interviews with other people.

ÚYeah, sure, as if it wasn't your first interview as well ...

ÒNow you got me all confused.

ÚThat isn't hard usually. A few lines of assembly code already do that.

ÒWhere was i ?

ÚI think the last sentence you came up with that made any sense was the
Úone that had the beautiful word ParaCon II in it.

ÒThat is 2 words.

ÚI didn't count them.

ÒNevermind.

ÚOkay.

ÒSo what are your plans after the ParaCon II ?

ÚThe same as before the ParaCon II.

ÒThat means ?

ÒThat we keep working on the projects we have been working on and that
Òwe'll do what we have been doing before the ParaCon II.

ÒAha. Very interesting. I am afraid no one of the readers now has the
Òslightest clue about what you are really doing.

ÚCurrently, i am wasting my time with this interview.

ÒYes, i know that.

ÚThen why do you ask ?

ÒBecause that is my function in an interview. I am supposed to ask
Òquestions while you are supposed to answer them,

ÚYes, you have told me that before.

ÒThen why the hell don't you answer those questions ?

ÚStop shouting. Besides, so far, i have answered all of your questions
Úmore or less.

ÒBut not in a way that would make any sense!

ÚMaybe. But was that required of me ?

ÒFor heavens sake, of course !!

ÚYou never mentioned anything like that. And besides, i hardly do what
Úothers expect from me. Also, please remember that you and me are the
Úsame person.

ÒPlease don't remind me.

ÚSo you should have known the way i react towards questions before.

ÒI couldn't have thought it would be that bad.

ÚOh, it isn't that bad. Like i said, i answered most of your questions
Úwith grammatically and syntactical correct sentences.

ÒYes, but it's the same as with STOS code: You follow the syntax, the
Ògrammar and still, the result sucks.

ÚWhat is that supposed to mean ? Are you implying that all releases
ÚI have made before suck ?

ÒThat's your interpretation. I was merely commenting on your way you
Òhandle this interview.

ÚBut it is you who handles this interview.

ÒAAAARRGGGHHH !!! You are me !!!

ÚYes, i've heard that before. But that doesn't change the facts. You, the
Úusing that Òfunky colour, are the one who handles the interview, while
Úi, the poor victim, who has to use an ugly colour like this, has no
Úinfluence on this interview at all and has to do whatever you require of
Úof him.

ÒUARGH !!! So far you ditched every question, sulked, refused to answer
Òand did everything to spoil that interview !!

ÚYou really think i could spoil and interview with myself ?

ÒYou just did.

ÚMaybe you did ?

Ò ... ... ... ... ... You ... Me ... Same person ... remember
Ò(hardly regains control)

ÚYes. Say, now a totally new aspect jumps into my mind. If you, the
Úinterviewer and i, the interviewed one, are the same person anyway,
Úyou know all my answers already, don't you ?

Ò  -whines a bit-

ÚThen we could as well stop that silly interview.

ÒThat's the first good idea you had all day.

ÚYou're welcome.


ÛThe Paranoid ..... Paranoia .... from the _really_ Lunatic Asylum ....
          Úthink you can handle it ?!