ñ                              < - . - >

ñ                  R    E    V    I    E    W    S
ñ               -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - --

ñSNDPlayer 1.1ğ by òAssem-Softğ and òDHSğ [óAny Atariğ] (1999)

A few issues of ñUCMğ ago i reviewed ñSNDPlayer 1.0ğ and i really
liked it a lot. Although it has a few disadvantages, i listened to
the great óAtari YM-tunesğ over and over again, while typing stuff,
while doing graphics and all the other things i do on my Atari, thanks
to this handly little program.
Now, just a few days away from óChristmasğ, òOzkğ and òEvilğ bring us
the first sequel of this utility, ñSNDPlayer 1.1ğ that now features a
more tricky routine to get more òSNDHğ-files to run on any Atari, like
those of òTaoğ and basically most of the ñSidSoundDesignerğ-tunes from
òMC Laser, DMA SC, 505ğ and all the others.

So after downloading the newest ñSNDH-packageğ from the SNDPlayer-site
- thanks to òEvilğ for converting and compiling the tunes - and of
course ñSNDPlayer 1.1ğ itself, i gave it a spin.
The interface is almost identical with the one of ñSNDPlayer 1.0ğ, only
the òclose, iconifyğ and òinfoğ-buttons have changed a little. You can
still òload, play, fastforwardğ and òPauseğ a tune while ñSNDPlayer 1.1ğ
constantly displays all relevant info about the tune along with the
total and current òplaytimeğ.
Well, it replays now most of the funky òTaoğ-tunes as well as all those
òSidSoundDesignerğ-tunes that have gotten so popular the last time.
And i would give this little application an óExcellent!ğ review as it
tops even the popular ñSNDPlayer 1.0ğ since it features more tunes ...

... if it wasn't so buggy.
Yes, i'm sorry to say so, but the new bugs it has unfortunately outweigh
the new features by all means.
First, it refuses to cooperate with ñNVDIğ. Hitting the òLoadğ-button
causes a óGEMğ-error "System is unable to obtain window-memory" for
the file-selector. ñDrag and Dropğ works fine so it is just the calling
of the file-selector that causes the trouble.
Second, it seems to have problems with screen-extenders on the Falcon.
Sounds odd, doesn't it ? But when i try to launch the program from the
standard desktop, all i get is a row of bombs when i have ñVidelityğ
installed.
Finally, it refuses to run as an accessory - at least on my system.
Since i am a óSingle-TOSğ fanatic, i would like to run it as an accessory.
I am even used to the fact that ñSNDPlayer 1.0ğ automatically opened itself
after boot-up and couldn't continue to play a tune when i loaded a new
program due to the deallocation of memory, but ñSNDPlayer 1.1ğ simply causes
a row of bombs after boot-up.

And that of course spoils the fun ñSNDPlayer 1.1ğ could supply.
However, òOzkğ is known to know the interiors of ñGEMğ better than
òDigital Researchğ themselves, so i am quite sure he finds a way to
fix all that.
And then, anybody who has, likes and works with an óAtari ST, STE, TTğ
or óFalconğ will have ñSNDPlayer 1.1ğ permanently installed.



+---..     .. .- waiting for a bugfix for a full review -. ..   ..-+
|                                                                  |
|                                                                  |
|                                        [The Paranoid of Paranoia ]
+----------------------------------------[Think you can handle it?!]