
{*f1TOXIC MAG 18{*f0

ò-------------------------------------------------- by Typhoon and LOud! ------

    Here at at last the new issue of the French diskmag I was main editor of for 
almost 5 years. I quitted right after releasing issue 17 and some 8 months later 
óThe Beastð has managed to bring it back to life, for long I hope. Before I forget 
I had to review the òHTML versionð as the disk format  isn't out yet (it should be
out any day now as it is completed).

    The nice surprise comes  from the intro  which was coded by ó* DUNE *ð ! After 
giving us òParadiseð and ñMemorialð the  band seems to be willing to continue and we 
can only rejoice ! As usual this intro is very  well  designed and shows stylish 
transitions as in the mentioned demos. This one was coded by óChuckð with some  3D
routs by Terence (who is seemingly inactive now)

    It starts with a superb DUNE logo by ñMicð as shown below...
    
{*i dune.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

    And then goes on with distorting the full pic, pretty cool !!! The soundchip 
was composed by óKanewoodð of Arkham but I don't like it too much. Then a one plan 
text announces the release of Toxic Mag. Two "flat squares", already seen before 
but still pleasant, zoom in and  mix together. Another great picture comes right 
after, this one by òEdoð (needless to present the master :)

{*i dune_edo.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

   Next effect is a  dot tunnel  with an unusual  camera angle... original ! The 
following one is a vertical scrolltext that distorts so much that trying to read 
it isn't very enjoyable. Besides the text itself is quite boring and too long in 
my opinion... Some transparent circles mix, like planets or lenses. Already seen 
but nice again. The credits are then  given with a rotating black and white mask 
that should remind you of old school demos like  OMEGA's ñGrostesqueð or some òZEAL 
productions. All in one a very cool intro  but I'd like to  see DUNE try to give 
us ónewð effects...

   Time to have a look at the content of Toxic Mag 18 : the mid res interface is 
unchanged but it is ófully mouse controlledð now, ie you can scroll pages with the 
right bouton while using the  left for  usual music/colors... options. Btw there 
is a nice chip by ò505ð also, so it's already a better start than Toxic 17 :)

   The disk format being mainly in French let's skip  to the HTML  version which 
can be found at óhttp://www.chez.com/toxicmagð. The  page has been reworked lately 
by The Beast and it looks really great and full of interesting  stuff and links. 
You  can  download  the  previous  issues of  Toxic Mag, read it online  or even 
download the HTML version to read it  quietly later. The magazine exists both in 
French and in English, the latter was translated via some utilities. The English 
version sounds a  bit òoddð  sometimes, due to the  nature of the translation, but 
it's still readable though a bit less enjoyable... 

   Usual sections can be found such as : regulars (translated usual headings :), 
news on our Atari world, Internet  urls, coding, interviews (of four  members of 
Sector One  two of  them now  known as the  founders of  FLA :), games  reviews, 
humour, music, opinions  and  other articles... The  style depends on the writer 
but it's pleasant as always. There are ò57 articlesð  in all  and I just wish more 
were ATARI oriented as I did the  following calculation last night : if you take 
all the humour + opinion (mainly boring stuff) + music (mostly iron maiden :)) + 
various articles then you  amount to half of the  overall articles :(( Well it's 
ok if you want to read about something else but I hoped to read more fresh ATARI 
articles. 

    This is the second problem with ToxiC Mag 18 : due to the 8 month delay some 
articles are really óoutdatedð  like report  on EIL, reviews of  demos released in 
April... butn I can understand that The Beast wanted to fill the gap between two 
issues.

    óFinal Wordsð : the usual stuff  is here  plus a ñgreatð  intro ! French readers 
definitely óMUSTð read  it, esp as it is  the only  French diskmag alive  and also 
because it remains  interesting and  offers  various topics. English readers can 
give a try to the HTML version  and try  to pick up readable articles. òThe Beast 
and óThyrex (coder of the mag)ð have done a great job and I hope ToXic Mag will be 
published more regularly now :)

ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------- [ STS ]--
    
       