ñ                              < - . - >

ñ                  R    E    V    I    E    W    S
ñ               -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - --

ñText2Alið by òEscapeð (For Germans mainly) [óAny Atarið] (1999)


So, all you germans out there ... Have you subscribed to the
ñST Computer/Atari insideð magazine ?
If so, have you done it because there is no alternative anyway ?
I thought so.
Ever since the óMilanð was released, the magazine has more become
an advertisement mag for the óMilanð than an óST-Computerð-magazine.
Just one example, in the last issue i bought, there is a comparison
between the óAtari Clonesð:
 - óMedusa T40ð  about 7 lines (of 1 column with 2 columns per page)
 - óEagle 040ð   Probably 14 lines
 - óHades 0x0ð   Wow. 21 lines
 - óPhenixð      Probably 4 lines, not released yet
 - óWizztronicsð Around 7 lines
 - óMilan040ð    Oh, only 3 pages ...
 
That plus totally nonsense-reviews about a nice package named ñFun Mediað
that don't tell a thing about the program but keep mentioning that the
author now owns a óMilanð made me thought.
As the (ñby now former) chief editor, òAli Goukassianð, started to censor
the magazine and ónotð print my article about óAtari.Orgð - as it stands
in competition to his own óAtari-Worldð-domain which is commercial while
óAtari.Orgð is free, I stopped supporting the magazine instantly and
instead started to boycott it.

The magazine is not only filled with nonsense and advertisement for the
Milan, until now, it was very lamely done as well. It was full of
grammatical, syntactical and semantical mistakes. Articles promised in
the previous issue weren't printed when they were supposed to but probably
later, probably only half of it or in most cases - not at all.
Text formatting ? Even though there is a regular óCalamusð-column, the
format of the text is usually extremely lame. Pictures are missing
sometimes or the wrong picture stands besides the right text - or vice
versa.
Finally, the spelling as well as the german grammar is constantly being
violated as if no one was ever proof-reading one sentence of it. In the
summer-issue 1998, even the òmonthð on the title page was misspelled, in
the editorial, the chief-editor spelled his own web-address incorrectly.

So you see, there are really no reasons why to support this mag any longer,
except for the fact that it is the only printed one available in Germany.

Back to the review.
òSpionð has been writing the scene-column in the magazine for a while along
with òMilhouseð (and one issue, even with me). However, as òAli Goukassianð
started to randomly shorten the articles, leave them out completely, not
caring if they make any sense or not, òSpionð stopped supporting the mag
as well and started to work on this program: The ñText 2 Ali Converterð.

The basic idea is simple:
The converter transforms an input text into a typical òST Computer magð-
text, like òAlið had been writing it. It puts in a lot of mistakes, leaves
out a few words, transforms other words and simply pushes in typical
òST Computerð-phrases like "Wir gruenden einen Club" (ñWe are going to
initiate a clubð) or "Programmierer gesucht" (ñprogrammer wantedð) along
with other, incomplete sentences.
Of course all the formatting of the original text goes straight to hell.
But that's what happens within the òST Computer magazineð as well.

Well, of course all the spelling mistakes and phrases being put in only
work in german, they look quite sucky in an english text.
Therefore the fun is restricted to germans only, but boy oh boy, i really
had a good laugh at the texts being output by this converter. It's pure
comedy. It's hillarious. It's totally over the edge.

A great idea (Man, i'm jealous that ñIð didn't think of this :-) and well
done, too. As a ñTTPð it reads your input file and outputs a text named
ñALI.TXTð which contains the converted text.
This could have probably been done better for ñMiNTð-users who can do
piping into files, but for ñSingleTOSð-users, this is a good way of
handling it.
It's probably a little slow, but that doesn't really matter. It's definetly
a totally new way of "joke"-products and all i want to say about this:
It's f***ing good. Give us more like that, òSpionð ! :-)

ñ[Graphics: --%]ð -------------------------------------------------+
|         ò[Sound: --%]ð                                           |
|               ó[Technical: 30%]ð                                 |
|                          ò[Fun: 82%]ð                            |
|                               ñ[Overall: 75%]ð                   |
|                                        [The Paranoid of Paranoia ]
+----------------------------------------[Think you can handle it?!]
