
{*f1 NEW VLMS BY ESCAPE{*f0

    Erm this is my  first try to  review a Falcon  production so I hope you will 
manage to understand at least half the crap I'm going to write :) A few days ago 
Escape released two new pluggings for their  cool WHIP! program. Everyone around 
should know it by now as it  is a great  proggy every Falcon user MUST have. You 
simply connect a CD or  Minidisk  player (or other sources) to  your Falcon, run 
WHIP! and select an effect to be animated with the  incoming music. Just great !
Let's have a look at the newbies we are offered :

ò    HOLM :
     
    I'm starting with the weirdest effect to  describe :) Just like two other fx 
named ñResoð andñ Twinð  if I remember  well (sorry but I  have only one monitor for 
both my Falcon and ST :( HOLM presents like a feedback effect. You have a simple 
motive in the center of the screen  which looks like a square  character painted 
like a symbol from which you recognize a head, two arms and two legs. Maybe it's 
not a man at all but it damm looks like one to me, whatever. Coloured waves like  
sinuses move all around the character which also  spawns a reverberating effect.  
After a few seconds it results in many colours mixing in all directions creating 
a huge distorting plasma... or something like that :)) Erm I told you I wouldn't 
be able to describe it :) As with the  usual VLMs you can change some parameters 
like the vertical/horizontal distortion speed and  amplitude. A very nice effect 
that reminds  me of  another one I  saw in ó"Illness At Night"ð. Anotheró necessary 
WHIP! pluggin, no doubt !

ñ    Note : this effect seems to be buggy as it causes  interferences with Evil's 
ñgreat ripples effect :( I had to disable the latter because it looked really bad 
ñand I hope a fixed HOLM vlm will soon allow me to  enjoy the ripples at the same 
ñtime...

ò    DOTWAVES
    
    Ouff this one is easier to describe as its name  perfectly pictures it :) Ok 
I'll do it anyway : two colorful dotwaves  mix and rotate on the screen changing 
shapes with the music. Each wave is made up of a dot square that displays a sort 
landscape or spectrum  according to  the music. They  also  rotate and the whole 
thing is neat and tidy. It  looks nice, is  very smooth and the  colors are cool  
though sober  compared to other VLMs. It perfectly  shows that dots are not dead 
and this effect is  quite original and very  eye catching. The  usual parameters 
offer to  change  the speed of  rotation  on each axis, the  sensitivity  of the 
waves... Nothing to add. It's a great effect and I óloveð it :)

ò    Let's hope Escape has more VLMs in mind !
    
ñ---------------------------------------------------------------------- [STS] --
    