TELEPHONE SEX
                                by Gary Raymond

      -----------------------------------------------------------------
      By now, everyone has seen the numerous TV commercials, usually
      late at night, advertising attractive women and men that are
      available for intimate telephone conversations. This new industry
      is expanding so rapidly that it almost appears to be rivaling the
      fast growth of the free love revolution of the sixties. It appears
      to be centered around a need humans have for excitement, adventure
      and companionship but with several new twist. More on that later.
      Most of these services work like this: You call a 900 telephone
      number, get connected to your party, and then are billed at rates
      sometimes over several hundred dollars per hour on your regular
      phone bill. Or, you are asked for your Visa or Master Charge
      account number (never advised) where you will find the charges
      appearing on your next regular statement.

      If you think these rates are absurd its because they are, yet
      customers must be lining up by the tens of thousands to make the
      calls. I based this deduction on the cost of TV advertising time
      as a percent of expected revenue. The next logical question is
      why? To find that answer, I decided to go out and locate anyone
      who would freely admit to using these phone services and also be
      agreeable to doing an interview.

      I posted general e-mail messages to ALL on about five major
      systems across the US, then placed several classified adds in
      seven major newspapers. I had no trouble getting over a hundred
      responses. After determining the range of demographics involved,
      and speaking on the phone with several dozen respondents, I
      selected about five people to do comprehensive telephone
      interviews. I would have preferred meeting these people in person
      but the telephone method of interviewing was a lot less expensive
      than flying all over the country, which my budget would not allow
      anyway. Of those that responded to my initial feelers, almost all
      were men; I did manage to find a few ladies, and for balance,
      included one in the final group to be interviewed. The age range
      of those responding to my initial inquiry was surprising. Mostly,
      they were folks in their mid twenties, then a very big gap,
      followed by those in their mid forties and up. I picked the
      youngest and oldest of both groups plus one lady to interview.

      To make this research complete, I also attempted to contact some
      of the sultry voices who talked on the phones. You know, the
      people on the other end of the line who are the very reason the
      callers desire to spend their money. This was a lot more difficult
      than I thought it would be. I was quickly escorted out of one of
      these so called "telephone service" companies as soon as I made my
      identity and intentions clear. One facility offered to give me
      access to their personnel but I was going to have to pay the going
      rates. Well, three bucks a minute was a little too steep for me so
      I decided to do a little more gum shoeing. What I found was really
      surprising. This business was not just limited to hugh, well
      financed companies, but was generously sprinkled with many women
      operating, you guessed it, out of their houses.

      The majority of these cottage operators could be found advertising
      through the classified in everything from ordinary magazines to
      overt sex tabloids. Most of the explicit solicitations for sexual
      conversations were to be found in the display adds of the more
      risque rags. I decided my best approach was to call one of the
      numbers from a display add rather than the classified in hopes of
      finding someone with a little better education; even if the
      education appeared to be nothing more than good marketing skills.
      Perhaps I was lucky, because on my third try I found Mistress
      Shanna (not her real name). With minimal coaxing she agreed to a
      taped phone interview with some minor conditions. I had to agree
      to keep her identity secret, and return the call the following day
      during the late morning. Furthermore, I had to be willing to
      terminate and call back again should a paying customer call
      wanting her chit chat. This seemed like a small price to pay for
      an insiders revealing story. The next morning I called, had only
      one interruption for about two minutes, and obtained a great two
      hour interview. We discussed topics that are still burning my ears.

      It is not possible for obvious reasons to place the entire content
      of all those interviews in this text file. They will become part
      of a paperback I am still in the process of completing. But, I
      will share the gist of the responses with you now. Everyone should
      be familiar with the What, When, Who, Where, and Why style of old
      fashion reporting. Well, you already know the what, who, and
      where, so its just a matter of the when and why.

      Some of the remainder of this article involves discussion of
      subjects and practices that are considered mature. I will have to
      assume that if you are still reading this article, you are doing
      so as a free choice, and fully understand the nature of this
      report. Since this article is intended for open electronic
      distribution, I have made every attempt to insure that all
      information is presented in good taste, as professional as
      possible and in no way pornographic.

      Here is a general synopsis of the group I selected, who frequently
      use telephone sex services. Four of the telephone callers that I
      interviewed were high school graduates, two had college degrees.
      Four were single or divorced. None had any criminal records. Four
      considered themselves to be good christians, one was an atheist.
      Only the female still lived at home. All owned cars and were
      employed. The average salary for the group was thirty nine
      thousand dollars. Four indicated they believed in safe sex and
      were concerned about AIDS. Two had regular sexual partners, and
      one of the two admitted to being gay. Three had sexual fantasies
      that were yet to be experienced. All four guys enjoyed the idea of
      a fantasy involving two women making love. Everyone admitted to
      masturbating when without a partner. Two of the guys indicated
      they preferred dominate women and kinky sex. All five indicated
      they were either encouraged to or did masturbated at one time or
      another while talking to women on the telephone. The frequency of
      their calls was about once every ten days for the group. The
      average length of a call was twenty minutes. Most calls were made,
      oddly enough, during the daytime. The average billing was one
      hundred fifty dollars per month.

      If someone were to ask me if I thought I had conversations with
      five normal people here, I would have to say yes. Obviously I am
      not a trained psychologist or psychiatrist. I still feel safe in
      declaring that those I interviewed were not raving, showing
      paranoid or manic depressive behavior, or any other poor social
      abilities. You may draw your own conclusions. I really do not
      think there is enough date here to support anything very
      scientific. Of course, there was no way to verify the responses of
      those in my interviews. Yet, based on my experience dealing with
      the public, I tend to think most told a reasonable facsimile of
      the truth.

      Although I would like to be as objective as possible, my human
      intuition requires that I express a few of my own opinions here.
      These phone callers all seem to have both disposable money and a
      lot of free time on their hands. They all talked like jocks, but I
      got the impression they were also having some trouble or other
      with real life relationships. The telephone was a new form of sex
      drug providing escapism, fantasy fulfillment and addiction. To
      them, it was obviously AIDS free, fun and exciting.

      Now, for some negatives. It was consistently reported that most of
      the people working the phones said anything necessary to encourage
      the caller to stay on the line and thus keep the clock ticking.
      Most talkers encourage their callers to call back again with
      promises or hints that they might eventually meet in person (which
      will never happens). Several callers reported that they were
      repeatedly hit with hidden charges, specifically when requesting
      the same party to speak to when calling back. Two callers were
      also suspicious that the girls they were talking to were actually
      men. Likewise, they often noticed familiar voices going by
      different names on the telephones.

      This brings me to my interview with Mistress Shanna, the owner and
      operator of the Velvet Touch phone service in Los Angles. This gal
      is a twenty eight year old college graduate, and a divorced mother
      of a three year old. Shanna began working alone, at home, after
      learning the ropes during four years of part time employment with
      a big phone sex service in LA. Even as a part timer, she was
      making commissions that were going to be impossible to beat with
      her degree in communications. In simple terms, she averages about
      one hundred dollars per hour for an average of five to six hours
      of telephone talk per day. This equates to roughly $140,000 per
      year, by my calculations. She commented that the time was spread
      over a 10 to 12 hour day, giving her frequent but necessary
      breaks.

      Shanna advised that she offers her callers just about anything
      they desire by advertising under different names that go along
      with the kind of service a caller was looking for. This is
      facilitated by virtue of the fetish advertisement they were
      responding too. It works like this: The name "Mistress Shanna"
      appears in her advertisements for men or women seeking a
      Dominatrix, "Nurse Bottoms" for those into Infantilism, "Rosey
      Cheeks" for those looking for a submissive, "Linda Smith" for the
      swingers and bi-sexual females and finally, "Countess Victoria"
      for the transvestites and transsexuals. Shanna (not her real name)
      indicated she spends over several thousand dollars a month on this
      advertising, which is basically her only business overhead.

      Shanna has a theory that implies men and women with highly
      responsible professional or political positions, particularly
      lawyers, judges and doctor types, secretly desired, or had
      frequent urges to be submissive, to the demands of a strong
      dominate personality. She refused to name names but indicated that
      if she mentioned them, even a southern boy like me could recognize
      them. No question, she perked my curiosity.  She also indicated
      that many of her clients were high profile Hollywood types.

      The majority of all her callers were into fetishes. In fact,
      fetishes were her speciality. This all fell within the general
      realm of Bondage and Discipline; the act of being tied up and or
      rendered helpless, and or being subject to various kinds of
      corporal punishment, i.e. spanking, paddling, etc. Some of the
      variations she described that were involved within this activity
      were highly imaginative and very creative. Since there are many
      books exploring these subjects I will not attempt to expand more
      on it here. Shanna claimed that only a very small number of her
      male callers, and most of her female callers, were looking for a
      woman to play out a submissive or slave type role. She confessed
      to personally enjoying the dominate bitch roll more than any
      other.

      Many of Shanna's customers are regulars or repeat callers. Most
      repeat callers sooner or later want to meet her in person. She
      laughed when she told me of several rich fellows who wanted to fly
      to LA and marry her sight unseen. She has an understandable
      immutable policy of never dating her clients no matter how well
      she thinks she gets to know them. She claims to be very up front
      about her rules. Once, after describing her black leather outfit
      in minute detail, all according to the request of a client, he
      appeared an hour later on her doorstep, on his knees with Roses.
      Fortunately, it turned out that he was an ok guy who agreed to
      leave without any problems when Shanna layed down the rules. He
      admitted he obtained her address from a friend who worked at the
      local phone company. The phone company later indicated that this
      was not possible. Nothing more ever came of it. Shanna bills her
      clients (she prefers the word client rather than the word
      customer) through either Visa or Master Charge. Her bank account
      is in the name of an add hock Lingerie company called The Velvet
      Touch. She indicated no troubles at all getting clients to pay
      their charges and I guess its not hard to understand why.

      I asked Shanna if there were any taboo topics that she would not
      discuss or act out on the telephone with a client. Her reply was
      not too unexpected, it was a big "no", but with some reservations.
      She referred to her roll playing function as "Fantasy Tripping"
      with her clients. Although she would not clearly state the taboo
      areas she avoided, she was emphatic that any of conversation she
      had on the phone was technically safe and all totally legal.

      I asked Shanna if she had a steady boyfriend. She did. I asked if
      he had any reservations about her work. She said he had no idea
      what she was doing. He believed she was in the Lingerie business.
      I asked if there was any reason she left him out of the loop. She
      replied it was just not necessary. She did tell me he was an
      intern at a local hospital and that they spent most of their
      private time together at his apartment. I asked if she practiced
      any of her technique on him. She advised that subject was off
      limits.

      I asked if her vivid imagination ever took control in her personal
      life. No, she responded, "that's what separates normal people from
      the weirdos". You mean normal people don't fantasize? I asked.
      "Sure, all the time", she replied, "but they can return to reality
      in a flash if it is necessary". This was starting to get a bit
      fuzzy for my simple brain so I decided to move on.

      The following is taken directly from my taped interview and is
      verbatim although not in its entirety. Do you ever get "turned
      on" by Fantasy Tripping with a client? "Not too often" she
      replied. "at least I try to avoid it because you begin to lose
      control of the situation if you get that involved". "Sometimes a
      client will want me to mutually participate in achieving an orgasm
      with them, but, I always do a better job faking it!" (she
      chuckles). Do you handle female clients? "Sure, lots of them".
      What are they basically into? "Well, a lot of the women who call
      me claim they are just looking for a sympathetic ear and advice".
      "Some are looking for information on how to please their man". Do
      you handle gays? "Sure, gays are some of my best clients". What is
      your favorite type of client? "Rich men first, rich women second".
      Do you ever consider that you may be harming some of these people?
      "In what way?" Well, suppose you get someone who is emotionally
      disturbed and likely to try living out a fantasy they experienced
      with you. Wouldn't this be considered harmful? "Look, what's
      worst, selling someone a gun or selling them a fantasy?" Well, ok,
      no argument there. Do you ever get personally interested in any of
      your clients? "Sure, but I never let them know it". How many of
      your clients would you say, call out of loneliness? "Oh, a good
      many". How many is a good many? "Probably most of them, after all,
      if they were not lonely, why would they be calling me!".

      Epilog:
      It is clear that technology will always be exploited by innovative
      people. Ordinary lovers have been panting at each other over the
      telephone ever since Gram invented it. It is no shock that there
      are now those making a living at it.

      The conversation with Shanna went on for several hours and, I must
      confess, I was intrigued by the candor of this lady. I presume
      that is why she is successful at what she is doing. She knows
      exactly what to say to keep someone listening!

      -----------------------------------------------------------------
      This article and or file may be copied and re-distributed without
      compensation to the author as long as no profits are generated
      directly or indirectly through its re-distribution or posting, and
      it is used in its entirety. Publishing for remuneration or profit
      requires licensing by the author. All opinions expressed in this
      article are solely those of the author.

                                -[30]-
