------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{*f1
           NOW  AND  FOREVER{*f0

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              PeyloW of T.O.Y.S.

I  love  thee  with  the  breath,  smiles,  tears  of  all  my  life!-
And  if  god  choose  I  shall  but  love  thee  better  after  death...
                                                                 - J.O' Barr -


        There must be something I have forgotten!  I ones more ran through the
hall between the kitchen and my room, this time heading for the kitchen.  What
could it be? There must be something, else it would all be too easy.  And I do
not want to figure  out what  it could be when she comes. Damned,  I have made
my bed,  changed cheets and all.  I  have in fact changed  to times,  first to
some bright white ones but that would not be me and  she would know.  And then
she would think that all I want is to get her into the bed so I changed again
to some  blue cheets.  I have got another pillow from my parents room,  I have
even  got the  extra bed  ready in  case it  would turn  out to be best if  we
should sleep in different beds.  I would not dare to  loose her for  anything,
nothing may  get wrong  this time.  I ones more ran from the kitchen and  into
the  living  room.  There still smelled  of  burned paper since  I  burned  my
playboy that  I  had kept hidden under  my mattress  for so  long in the  open
fire-place. To bad actually, miss may really looked good but Marie is  better.
Smell of burned paper,  that must be it!  I quickly  gather some  logs in  the
fire-place  and they easily lit up.  Yeah, that's better,  a cosy  fire-place.
Oh, I got an idea.  I ran into the kitchen once  more,  and  took the  plates,
glasses, knifes and  forks of the table  and slowly walked back to the  living
room so that I would  not drop anything. And then I put it all  infront of the
fire-place.  Turned of  the light  and saw  the  fire  reflect in the  crystal
glasses. That would be perfect, the fire lit up the room just fine.  This must
be my lucky day. It have been some two months since  I  met Maria now,  it had
been love in first sight.  We went in different schools so we did not see each
other so much in the weeks. And not  to much in the week ends  either  really.
Pretty much indeed but not as much as I would have wanted.  We have kissed but
never done, the it thing.  Maybe this weekend.  It had been a bugger to get my
little sister to agree to get  out  of the house for the weekend.  Mom and dad
would kill me if they  knew I have kicked her out but they would not.  A small
amount of money would make  my  sister not tell them when they get  back.  The
whole  apartment just  for me and Maria the whole weekend, it  just got  to be
the right time. And then the door bell rang.

        It had been some few stair to go.  Peter lived five stairs  up and  it
had proven that  I  am not in to good condition.  But now that I have  reached
it, the huge wooden  door in the  old house.  The name on the mailbox  was the
right one and I have rang the bell.  After some  few seconds  the  door opened
and and Peter  smiled in my face. "comon in",  he said with a gesture with his
hand and  a small bow.  Sometimes he is  just so old fashioned,  but that's is
one of the many things  I like about him. The hall was quite huge  and from it
several door  led into  different rooms.  Five doors in all.  A strange orange
light came out  from the  door  farthest down the hall to the left.  Ah, it is
fire. He is just to sweet.  "Let me take that.",  Peters said and I found that
I was  staring.  I  felt the  blood gathering in my face  and I  handed him my
jacket and my bag. he hang up  the Jacket on  the rack  just beside the  door,
hey I could  have done that.  And then he  led me down  the hall. And into the
room where the fire was. "Make your self confortable,  I'll be right back",  I
turned  around at Peters words and saw him put my bag on the floor just inside
the closest door.  I did not see much but it was not hard to  find out that it
must be  his room. Then his eyes  crossed mine and we both froze for  a second
before he left me alone.  I slowly entered the living room. The fire  sparkled
in the open  fire-place in front of the sofa and a small table.  But the table
was not made, instead the plates and  the lovely crystal glasses was placed on
the  cosy rug just  infront of the fire.  The room was quite dark just  lit by
the fire and the light of  the city outside the two windows.  I walked  around
in the room, wanting to  know more about him  but at the same time  I got that
feeling of  sneaking. Oh, isn't  he so cute.  A photo of him from  when he had
finished school last spring.  He surely do dresses in suit and tie,  makes him
look so  adult and man! It  had snowed all afternoon. It  had stop now but the
streets down the window was still white and twinkled in the light of  the cars
driving alone and of the  light  from the other windows.  The sky was all dark
and clouded.  Then I felt his lips against my  neck and heard  his soft voice,
"I hope you  are hungry."  "The view is really beautiful from here.",  I  said
and and pointed it all out with my hand. "But not as beautiful as you."

        The fire had burned down and the  young couple had since long finished
their meal when they finally left and went to bed. The light was turned  of in
the boys room and  everything  was seen in the bluish  light of the nigh. They
both got  undressed,  eager to get  into the bed as fast as possible.  Not for
the means of the act but for the uncomfortable feeling of being naked  infront
of  each  other.  He had thought  about  still having  his  T-shirt  on but he
decided that as she had got all of  unless her bra and panties. He just  could
not keep more  clothes on then her.  The bed was quite big even though  it was
just made for one  person but small enough so that they  could not lay too far
from  each other.  The feeling was  uncomfortable and unknown several  minutes
pass before she finally gently touched his cheek with her fingertip.  Now when
the first step was taken it became much more easy and he moved closer to  her,
feeling her warmth and they kissed. He let  his finger tips gently travel from
her neck and down  her back. The skin  under his fingers where warm  and soft.
He stop and moved the hand upwards as  he reached the rim of her briefs.  Stop
when he  came to the string  on the  back of her  bra and  followed it to  the
front.  Gently touching  her breast on the  outside of the bra. All  she could
wished for was that she had  taken the bra of as  well, nearly ashamed of  the
thought that she had not done anything for him yet she  touched his chest with
her  fingertips.  First nearly  scratching  him  with her  nails and then  she
gently caressed  his muscles. As she fel t the small gathering of hair  on his
chest she also felt  his hand searching  in under  the bra and  the  took  the
other hand and  unbuckled the string on the back.  He slowly moved  the string
of her shoulders and  she helped him  to  take the bra off.  And as their kiss
broke  he saw her young breasts. So beautiful and then her lips ones again met
his. His hand moved over  the  firm breast.  Small  and young but still to big
for him to have in one hand.  He spread his fingers a little  and  then he let
them all touch  her hard nipple  one  by one.  Her hand had found his back and
was now moving  downwards to his but. Touching the rim  of his underpants. His
hand  moved from one breast to the  other and then down  on her  stomach. Over
her hips and carefully just with  the fingertips as he moved the hand  up  her
back and over her shoulders.  He  broke their  kiss, kissed her  forehead, her
chin and her neck and just above her breasts.  He hesitated a short second and
then he kissed  her  right between her breast,  and then on the breast.  Every
time closer and closer to the nipple in circles. As his lips found the  nipple
his gently kissed it and then putted it between  his  lips  and stroke it with
the tip of his toung. And all the time she had caressed his back and shoulder.
And as he licked her nipple she moaned softly. He just stop to fast, she ached
for more as he kissed his way up  to her face,  letting his hand go  down over
her breast and further  down her stomach. Under her  panties. He got surprised
by how stiff her pubic hair was, not as soft as his own. And then  his fingers
searched further down for  her wet slit. She took his hand and  pulled it away
looking in his  eyes. Hold  it for a while and then she let  it go and let her
own hand touch his chest. And she  moved even closer to him  so that she could
feel his warm stiffens against her hip.  He moved his hand upon her back again
and so they continued fondling each other.

        The clouds where all gone and  the  sky was  blue  outside the window.
The boy had  just  awoke  and found  the  girl laying  with  her hand over his
chest, gently  breathing  against  his  neck.  The boy  thought  she was still
asleep and did not try to wake her up.  He would not  ever  had wanted to, all
he wanted was to  feel  her warm  body  against him.  The girls had been awoke
more then half an hour  before the boy.  She had touched him  to see if he was
awake, he was not and he did not wake as she moved closer to  him  to feel his
strength.  She had laid still all the time and knew when the  boy  had woke up
but she had not said anything.  Pretending to sleep so she could feel him some
more. And so they let the hours go by in the early winter morning.

        Where is that soap? Ah there. She took the soap  and rubbed  it in her
hands. And then she rubbed the soft  cream over her breasts.  This is not even
close  to  the feeling  of  Peters hand.  Why did I not let him  touch me last
nigh,  why did  I  not let him make me a women. I wanted it so bad, I still do
but why did  I  not let him.  What would he think of me? That I am a cold hag?
Hah, I am not. I  shall fuck him real good tonight!  I am just to noughty, why
cant I still  be  when I am with him.  I do love him,  I want him and he wants
me. But  I  am just to shy. I'm not usually shy, so why am I now? What's that?
Oh Peter have came in  to  the bathroom.  Ha, guess that's  the  sound  of him
peeing.  And what  do  he do know? Brushing his teeth. Should I ask him to get
into the  shower with me? Nah, that  would be  to  kinky. No, maybe not.  What
would be  so  wrong with that?  And  I could see his weenie. No help, he might
notice  that my breast do not have the same size! But why would he, he did not
noticed last nigh.  Or maybe  he  did,  he just would not tell me. I would not
tell him,  I would not care so why should he.  It  might be a good idea  after
all, yes I shall do it. Damned! He went out again.  Too late, I really blew it
this time.

        The boy and the  girl had eaten  a  late breakfast and  now  they  had
walked out  to the streets of the city. It is getting closer and closer to the
Christmas and Santa  Clauses are at every corner. Some few giving balloons and
small gifts to the small children but most  of  them are just collecting money
more some  good  deed.  People give away money  much  easier this time of  the
year.  And  everyone takes advantage  of  that. "It might be a good idea if we
split, I  must buy you your present.",  the  girls said  and  they kissed, and
uneasily  let  go of each others hands.  The girls left  the boy and he looked
after  her as she walked down the street and disappeared in the crowd. The boy
just found out  that  they had not said when and where they should meet again.
He could ofcourse  just  wait here till she gets back,  he  had already bought
her present so he  had  not much to do. He looked around and saw that he stood
just infront of a flower shop.  So why did he not buy her a flower. Good idea.
He looked in his wallet and found  that  the food they had just eaten had took
all of his money.  Lets  just hope that his mother had not forget to put those
money she  promised him on his  bank  account.  The line was  quite  long  and
nearly  half  an hour pass before  he  could get  his  money out  of the magic
machine with  his  plastic card. Just to  be sure he got four times the amount
that  he  could  ever  need, his  mother  had  kept  her promise and  had  not
forgotten.  With the new cash he went into the flower store and looked around.
Flowers of  all  colours and kinds,  maybe he should buy a rose?  Nah just  to
usual. What's those? looks  like  the leaves are  of  rubber and  quite  huge.
Pink, white and bright  blue in the edges.  Yes,  the girl  would  love those.
Three is the number  of  love and there for he picked out three  and  paid for
them. And he was still wondering  how  flowers could be so  expensive  when he
left the store. The girl was not back yet. It will soon get dark  again and it
is about  time to  get  home or else they  might  miss the last buss.  The boy
stood there in the street. Very proud as  an older women  walked by and smiled
at him as she saw his flowers. And then he saw one of his  friends wave at him
from inside one of the  other stores.  A  video store, the friend used to work
there in the weekends to earns some extra  money. Most of it he spend on boost
when the Friday came.  The boy looked  around  ones more and as he did not see
the girl he step inside to talk to his friend.  "So you are fucking Marie this
weekend I heard?", the  boy blushed at his friends  question.  He should  have
known that  his  friend would  come up with something  like  that.  "I did not
really mean that.  Say how  about  a movie for free?",  the boy looked out the
window searching for the girl again. He did not see him and as he  looked back
at his  friend he faced a  porno  video. "How  about  this one?",  his  friend
laughed but stop fast as the owner of  the store came up to him. The owner was
a young women, maybe about  twenty-five. She  smiled at the boy as she saw his
flowers  and  then she looked at the friend  as he putted the tape back on the
shelf behind the counter. The  owner took out  another tape and laid it on the
desk and then pushed  it  toward the boy. "I think  you should have  this  one
instead.", she smiled.  The  boy was about to hesitate as the owner added "For
free, just come back with it  tomorrow.". The boy took  the  tape, thanked and
left. As he got out he found the  girl.  She had waited  some  minutes and the
boy had nearly forgotten the flowers  in his hand  as the girl  flung her self
around  his  neck.  Then  she  took the  flowers,  smelled  them.  And  seemed
satisfied even though the boy knew they did not smell too much.  And then they
walk away, holding each others hands.

        There used to be an elevator but it broke down some month ago.  Oh no,
that is what I call an apology.  I do not got to apology for that.  Ah, on the
other hand I  just might wanted to inform her.  Well it do not matter  anyway.
We have reached  the top now.  Hmm, better  put  her bag down before I unlocks
the door, would  not  be good  if  I breaks my present  or something. Big key,
long key, and that's the key. The door  unlocks easily and they gets  into the
apartment again.  Everything is just as when they left it  half aday ago, just
darker.  The sun had been up when they left, it is no more.  I better turn the
light on. The light flickers  for some seconds and then the hall  is dark once
again. Damn this is just the right  time for the fucking  light bulb to die on
me. "Could you go and warm the pizzas and I change that bulb?", Maria nods and
goes into the kitchen.  Do it really have  to be such as high to the  roof?  I
guess so,  I would  not be surprised if there is  no  light bulbs left either.
Lucky me, there is.  And  the small ladder would do.  Wonders  if  Maria would
take  care  of me if  I fall down now? Maybe I should just flung myself to the
floor  and  see,  it might  be  nice.  Hmm, the old  bulb is not hot at least.
Wonders if  I  turned the light of.  Could I get a electric shock now and die.
I might but I would be  stupid  if I put my fingers in there. A shit, my eyes.
The light was really on. Well,  lets  put that  ladder back and turn the video
on. And let  the women take care of the food.  Hah, the caveman inside me have
spoken. Ah, lets see what kind of film I got then.  Hmm, eternal life, swords,
highlander. Hmm, herd of that one once.  Was on TV some weeks ago but I missed
it. Lets just hope that Maria missed it to.

        Maria had not seen the film either and she did not see it now. Neither
did Peter. As soon as the pizza was gone  the movie was no more.  They did not
sit on floor this nigh but on the sofa behind the  table. The snow fell on the
window behind them but none of them  would notice, all that was were them. And
so they  kissed,  she took his hand hand  showed  him how to unbuckle her bra.
They were both still fully dressed  but with the bra loosen he could reach for
her breast  and she  pushed him  and laid her self ontop of him. It might have
been her imagination  but she thought  she could feel his penis grow throe his
and her pants. She caressed his  neck  and then moved the hand under his skirt
so she could touch the hair on his chest.  Not  much but she loved it soo. She
unbuckled his belt and and  freed his hardness.  The  head was reaching out of
his under pants  stretching  up his stomach  and she licked on her finger tops
and  then  gently touched  the  head with her  wet  finger tips.  He  stop  to
unbuckle her belt  and  just  enjoyed her touch  and  then he searched for her
slit. He found the wet warmth and let the  fingertips ran  back and forth till
he found the little stiffness that must be  her clitoris.  She grab his penis,
maybe to hard  and pulled  the  foreskin  back and forth a few times before he
got out of the sofa and carried her  in  his arms into  the his room. Laid her
down on the bed and  helped her got  undressed. He left her briefs on and then
she rose and and took his clothes of and  before she drag him into the bed and
under  the  cheats  she  kissed  his  penis.  He  caressed  her  back with his
fingertips and  down on the but.  And  up  to her shoulder again. She felt his
warmth against her tight whiles  she kissed his chest on the  way  up,  kissed
his neck and chin and nose  tip  and at last his lips. He moved his fingertips
down her body again,  over  the  back and over her  hip and then I between her
legs.  Gently touching the soft skin on the inside  of  her tight. Then moving
up wards searching for her slit.  He ones again kissed her breasts in  circles
whiles his  lips  searched  for  the nipple.  And just as his  lips  found the
nipple  his hand glided over her labia and further up over her pubic hair just
to tease her.  As her  hand found his stiffens he stop kissing her breasts and
his lips searched further down.  Kissed her stomach, just above the rim of her
briefs. Using both hands  he  slowly  removed  her briefs.  He kisses her just
beside  the pubic hair  as  he drags her  brief  of her. He slowly spreads her
legs using  both  hands even though he would  not  need to as she spreads them
willingly. Her labia spread open like a  dew  wet  rose  infront of him and he
kisses her slit, and lets the tip  of  his toung  touch her labia. And then he
found her clitoris. He feels her hand on the  back of his head and he lets the
toung search inside her, not far just far enough to taste her. The tong founds
her labia ones more and he gently touch the clitoris again before he moves  up
again, kissing her stomach.  And both her breasts  on  the way up.  "Make we a
woman",  she  whispers and  leads  his warmth  into  herself. The satisfaction
overcomes  her small pain  as  they become one. One though fills both of their
minds,  I finally  done  it.  She puts  her  hand on his but hand  presses him
further inside her self and then she lets her hands go  up over  his  back and
over his strong shoulders.  He touches her breasts with  one  hand,  caressing
them, nearly squeezing them. And then she grabs his  hand and  removes it from
her breasts. he gets paralysed for  a  short second and then  she  guides  his
hand down to her clitoris. He gently touches it  and  they kiss.  She puts her
hands on his but ones more and gets him into  the rhythm she  most  wants, the
rhythm to heaven.  And then he left his life deep inside  her  and she presses
her hips against him,  moaning.  And then she turns  her  face away and a tear
fells down her chin.  He gently wipes the tears of her face and she look  into
his eyes smiling. "I love you.", her voice tremmor. He kisses her forehead and
whispers into her ear, "I love you to."  "Now and forever", she whispers back.
His  eyes darkens and  he  grabs  the  pillow.  Holds  it  above her face. She
struggles  and he must sit on her chest to hold her still. She do not struggle
for long and she  soon  lies still.  The minutes  goes  by and Peter holds the
pillow on her face whiles  the  tears falls  down  his face.  He  removes  the
pillow and looks  down  at her. She is calm now, peaceful. Her eyes are closed
and her mouth  nearly  smiles.  He bows  above  her and  kisses  her forehead,
leaving  some few of  his  tears on her skin. "Now and for ever",  he whispers
and then he ran for the window.

                                                                       THE END


I would like to thank to those who have helped me and greetings to  those  who
deserves to be greeted.

Did you know that this text consist of the 4096 words?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


