-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{*f1
         THE SHADOW - BOOK I{*f0

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               The old wizard.

Pietrius  sat on a big stump in the middle of the glade. The sun had just risen
and the  dew still lied  heavily on the grass and the leaves of the surrounding
trees. It  was in  the spring  and the  flowes  had  just  sprung and the birds
started to sing their songs of love. Then he heard the sound of footsteps  down
the stone hall. Pietrius let his illusion fade away and he was ones more in his
own little poor room. He laid down on his hard bed and flat pillow and blew out
the candle  just in  time for his  masters arrival. His master opened the door,
looked into the room and walked away. His master where already halfway down the
hall when Pietrius heard the door lock up. Pietrius lied  still in his  bed for
more  then a  hour untill  he dared to light the candle and bend down under the
bed and  took out the  book his been hiding for so long. It was a book of magic
that he had stolen so many years ago. It was not one of the more powerful books
but his master did at least not miss it. It had taken years for him to learn to
read the first runes, but now after  many years of  struggle he could easily do
most  kinds of  illusion and  some easy  light  and mind spells. Maybe he would
learn some more powerful spells this night.

The wizard approached the huge wooden door to his laboratory, he opened it with
a flick  of his hand  and stepped inside. The room was huge and the stone walls
where filled with shelves. There where som tables and the biggest of them stood
in the  middle of  the room  and was filled with strange tools and books. There
where torches on the walls and a fire place, but the dim light  in the room did
not  come from  theese. No, the  light  came from  the middle  of the room just
beside the  big table where a young girl floated in mid air. The girl was maybe
sixteen years old. She seemed to be sleeping heavily and unaware of her  coming
death this very night. The shadow that darkened the wizards soul got  to be fed
with mana, the pure energy of life and magic.
All beings  and things  in the world  contins mana. Young women are the ones to
create  new life  and there for they  contains most mana, wizards and mages are
the only ones who could compete with them.
The wizard sat down at the table, he was troubled. Not about the destiny of the
girl but for the boy he had been kept as his slave for soon seventeen years. He
had taken  him from his parents when he was a new born just like all  the other
boys he  kept, and he will have to kill him on his eighteens birthday just like
the  others. He  had never  bothered  about this  before  but this  time it was
different. The boy  practically glew of  mana, he was  intelligent and would be
easy to learn in the way of the four arts. He was just like he  had been as  an
apprentice for so many years ago. But the shadow would never allow him to teach
the boy. He had no more time to think of this, the shadow should be fed.
He rose  his hand towards  the girl  and he began  to say the word of the spell
that would take her life. The girl started to glow  and woke up from her sleep,
she  seemed to  cry in  pain.
"NO!" the  wizard cryed and turned around. A tear fell down his pale cheak, for
the first time he had overcomed the will of the shadow. Maybe he could be free.
His hopes were all crushed to ashes as he fell down to the floor with a pain as
if someone had ripped his heart out.

Pietrius had  easily unlocked  the door  and  several stairs  downward and mare
stone halls he finally found himself in a narrow hall. He heard the dripping of
water but could not see anything in the dim light of the torches burning with a
green  fire at both  sides of  the hall. He  finally came to a huge wooden door
with several runes carved in to it but no handle. He laid  his hand on  the old
and crackled wood and spoke the words of opening. The door creaked open  and he
stepped inside. He found himself in a huge room filled with shelves and tables.
And in the middle of a room was a blue light. And in the  middle of  this light
was another human beeing. This human did not look like him or his master.
He assumed  that it might  be one of  those  called women that he ones had read
about. She was softer and seemed to be asleep. Her face were twitching  and she
got spasms in her limbs as if she suffered from a great pain. Suddenly he heard
a sound as if someone moaning and he quickly  jumped into the shadows of a huge
shelf. He  looked out  into  the room  and saw his  master rise  from the floor
behind the biggest table.
His master  sat down  heavily on  a chair. He seemed to be very  weak. Pietrius
looked out from  his corner and saw the door only some twenty yards away, maybe
he could sneak out. But what would happen if his master spotted him? He did not
dare to think of what punishment to come. He waited trapped in his hiding for a
hour or  two until his  master rose from  his chair. The wizard lifted his hand
towards the  girl and  his hands started to glow. And so did the girl. She woke
up and screamed  but there  were no  sound and then her glow was so bright that
Pietrius got to look away. And then the light faded away.
When  Pietrius  looked again  all that  remain of  the girl was a small pile of
ashes. The wizard was surrounded by an aura of  light and stood like frozen for
several minutes then he quickly turned around and left the room and slammed the
door behind him. Pietrius slowly stepped forward and looked at the ashpile that
ones had been a girl. His heart was filled with anger and grief.

The next  day came and Pietrius stepped out of his bed. He had not slept at all
this night, he had to much to think of. Pietrius got dressed and walked down to
the kitchen and readied his masters breakfast like every day in his whole life.
The wizard entered the kitchen and looked at him and then he said. "So boy, you
have been  pookin in  my library  again havent  you?". "No, of course not thats
forbidden", Pietrius replyed.
The old wizard  put his  hand under the  dark red robe and took out a book, the
book that  Pietrius  kept under  his bed. Pietrius  could not  speak, he was to
scared for the punishment to come. "You are nothing boy! You are not worth more
than an  amoeba and  thats what you shall be!", the old wizard sayd with a calm
voice and then turned around muttering words of power and magic.
Pietrius saw his master leave the kitchen and then he felt his skelleton slowly
loose it supstance and turn into jelly. He felt no pain as he fell to the floor
unable to move or scream. He could not  breath anymore and  his brain soon aced
for air. And  his desperat  tryes to move  only taked more of his powers and he
soon fell into coma.

Pietrius  opened his eyes and saw the familiar walls of his own room. His chest
burned like  fire and every muscle in his body aked. He could barely breath and
absolute not get out of the bed. His master had shown mercy this time. But what
punishment would it be if he got cought ones more. He did not care, all he knew
was that he  got to learn  enough of the four arts to defeat his master and win
his freedom. He  could not  let him  hurt  another human  like  the girl he had
burned to ashes. He  slowly moved his hand in sight just to see if he could. He
moved  his  fingers and  blessed  the  god that  he still  was alive, then  the
headeace  hit him  as if he  had bashed  his head  into the  stone walls of the
castle.
The door  opened and  the wizard  entered. "So boy, you  are awake at last. You
have been  asleep for a  while you  shall know. For  thirtyfour  weeks you been
away.", the old wizard said and paused.
Then his eyes darkened and he continued "I have decided to forgive you for your
misstakes but dare not to poke anymore in the room of this castle  where you do
not  belong. I may  not be  such as resonable the next time boy! Life is a gift
and death would be your salvation." Then he turned around and left the room.
Pietrus turned on his back and looked up in the ceiling. He knew  that he would
be lucky  if his master  just took his life next time. But his freedom would be
worth that, he got to see a glade with his own eyes, smell the flowers and meet
humans. Real humans.

Pietrius  stayed in his bed  for three  days and then he returned to his normal
duties. The  weeks went on and  Pietrius sooned dared to sneak into the library
to read  and learn. His master watched him like a hawk. And there were not much
of oportunities to read long times, but he slowly learned more and more.
The wizard  even cought him  once or  twise but he was never punished with more
then  being without  food for some weeks or so, thats a price he was willing to
pay.

It had been a year since Pietrius got cought for stealing that book now. He had
not seen his master for several days. He had gotten more and more brave and had
even spent  hours studying  in the  library. And  now he  was looking around in
those parts of the castle where he never been before.
Pietrius walked in the hallways for hours and got lost. He had an idea where he
could be  when he approached a small oak door with a golden handle. There where
several  runes carved  into the  door. It  was no  complicated  runes, he could
easily read and unlock the magic locks to this room. And so he did.
The room  was small maybe  twice his  own room and where filled with cobweb and
dust. The only furniture in the room where a bed and a desk. And obove the desk
there where  a small  shelf with  some few  books and a small mirror. And there
were a window in one of the walls.
Pietrius  stepped forward  to the window and took his  first glance outside the
stone walls. He could never had imagine the world to be like this beutiful. The
castle where located at the top of big mountain  but beyond the hills  he could
see a big  lushy forest and  meadows. The  air  was fresh  and the  wind gently
touched his chin.
He stood  there for a long  time just  admiring the miracle of life and then he
continued  to search  the room. He  searched for  a long  time but did not find
anything of  value to him. So he sat down on the dusty bed to rest. Then he saw
it. Barly in sight there under the bed he saw a little book.
He picked  it up and  some of  the pages  falled out. He gently opened the book
that were so old that it nearly fall apart under his fingers.
It was a diary. "I have been kept inside theese stone walls for twelve years as
a prisoner and slave now..." the diary started and Pietrius read on.

Pietrius  at last found  his way back to the known parts of the castle and back
to his room. He could barerly believe what he had found. The book  had told him
how to  destroy his master. All  he got to do is to find his true name. But how
could he  do that. His masters first  slave who  had written the book had never
been able to  find it. And  most obviosly  had he been  much more  free than he
would ever be. The old wizard had even tought him in the four arts. There where
no good odds but he was not prepered to give up yet.

The  old  wizard had  been in his  laboratory for  days now, fighting  with the
shadow. The old  wizard got up  from the floor  and stroke aways the blood from
his nose and mouth with his palm. His whole body where acing.
He had  been strong  this time. He  had got the girl sleeping in the blue light
for several  days now. And still  he could resist to take her mana. But for how
long could he fight the shadow. The old wizard limbed out of the laboratory and
leaned  against the  watery stone  wall in the dark hallway. Then the pain ones
more hit his  chest and he fell  screaming the the floor. There  where  no good
odds but he was not prepered to give up yet.

Pietrius had  been alone  in the castle for two weeks now. And he had spend the
last week  searching the castle. He  felt a little  but not much  secure in the
possibility that  he could say that he  was looking for his  master if he would
find him.
This day he  had came  into a to  familiar hallway. It was long and dark and he
could hear  the water dripping. And  he soon  came to  the big  wooden door. He
opened the door with a single word and stepped inside.
The room was  too familiar, there in the middle of the room was a girl floating
in mid  air in a blue  shimmering light just as the last time he had been here.
He went forward to the girl to get a better look.
She was  about his own  age, with long  blond hair. His heart was filled with a
warmth he  had never felt before. He could not take his eyes of her. She was so
perfect. Then he heard footsteps from the hallway outside.
Limping footsteps and then a bump like if someone had fallen to the floor.
Pietrius  quickly hide  in the  shadows  of one of  the shelves and waited. The
footsteps started again and he saw his master enter the room.
The old wizard leaned on  a staff and walked  slowly to the middle  of the room
and there in the light of the girls magic cage he saw his masters face. The old
skin was white as pergament, his grey hair and beard had turned white and dried
blood covered his face and clothes.
"I could not let you win!!!" the old wizard  screamed and turned away  from the
girl. Then  he fell  screaming  to his knees. Fresh blood floated from his nose
and eyes  but he did  not scream  anymore. With the help of his staff he slowly
arose and ones more faced the floating girl.
He dropped the staff and riased his hand towards the girl. His eyes  turned red
as his hands  started to  glow and he spoke words of magic. The girl started to
glow and  she woke up  screaming  but there  where no sound to be heard but the
wizards voice. Pietrius could not stand seeing the girl beeing hurt.
He ran towards  the wizard and screamed the most powerful spell he knew. Arrows
of energy  flew from his  fingertips and hit the wizard who just turned around.
With a  single flick of his  hand he throwed  Pietrius across the room and into
the stone wall.
Pietrius fellt  his ribs brake  and he could  taste blood in his mouth. The old
wizard approached him, he did not limb anymore and his eyes where black as coal
as he spoke "You learned good boy! But did you think you ever had a chance?".
And then  flashes of blu e energy struck Pietrius and he twisted as a worm on a
hook on the floor. Pietrius lied in a pool of his own on the floor screaming.
Throw the blew light  around him he could see his master fall to the floor. The
blue lights disappeared but the pain did not.
Smoke came from his burned clothes  as he stood up on  all four and  crawled to
his master. The old wizard lied motionless on the floor. He did not breathe.
Then he  turned over  to his back  and looked at  Pietrius. One of his eyes had
exploded and a liquid like jello floated among the blood down his face.
His chest  seemed to  be burst  from the inside. He  opened his  mouth and in a
burst of  blood he began  to speak: "Boy, set my soul free. Let me die. Destroy
me and the shadow that darkened my soul will have no home."
Pietrius felt  sorry for his  master for the first time. What had he done to be
cursed with a  shadow that could do this to a man. "But I do not know your name
master?" Pietrius  said and a tear fell down his chin, never had  he thought he
could cry for this evil man.
The old wizards face twisted and his limbs shaked. He opened his moth but there
came no  scream, just  a flood of  blood. Then his eye darkened. "Free me, free
Manannan!" the  wizard  murmured and  then the  shadow took complete control of
him. He pushed away Pietrius and rised from the floor. Faced the girl and began
the  spell  to take  her mana. The  shadow  needed  it more than  ever now, his
hostbody was weak and he needed power to heal him.
The girl started to glow and this time Pietrius could hear her scream. Pietrius
stood up on his weak legs and spoke the words as he knew them. And as  he spoke
the name of  the wizard the  girls stopped to glow and she fell to the floor. A
creature  of darkness  parted  from the wizards  body and disappeared into thin
air. The wizard  fell to the floor  for the  last time  and Pietrius ran to his
side. The wizard still breathed heavily. "Get my staff boy."  he spoke slow and
with pain. Pietrius gave the staff to the wizard and he removed a blue shimmery
crystal in the size of a fist from the top of it.
He put the crystal in Pietrius hand. "This will help you Pietrius."  The wizard
whispered when his pale skin turned grey as his flesh turned into rock.
The wizard lied as a wounded stone statue on the floor and then he cracked into
millions of pebbles  that filled the  floor. The old  wizard was  at last freed
from his curse and could rest in peace.

Pietrius felt  the crystal  getting warmer  in his hands  and he  looked at the
crystal and saw the face of the old wizard and then the picture faded away.
It was not  the wounded  wizard, nor  the evil he had known. No it had been the
wizards face  as it once had  been. And he had looked just as Pietrius did now.
Young and  filled of  strenght, and  Pietrius  knew that Manannans spirit would
help and guide him as long as he lived.
Pietrius put the crystal on the staff again and picked it up. This would be his
staff to lean on in the hard days. And then he  walked toward the girl lying on
the floor. He kneeled beside her and she turned her face to him and, and in her
beutiful blue eyes he saw the reflection of the crystal...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
