-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{*f1
              THE SHADOW - BOOK  II{*f0

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  The crystal.


Pietrius  sat on a big stump in the middle of the glade. The sun had just risen
and only the bigger one of the two moons were still visible in the sky.
It was in  the spring and the birds sang in the surrounding trees. Pietrius had
a dream this  night. He had  dreamed about  four adventurers. There  had been a
girl with blue eyes and pupils of a cat, a small and strong man with an axe and
a young man  in silver armor. And  when he woke up the crystal on his staff had
been warm. Pietrius turned around and looked at the foot of the great oak  that
had been their shelter this night.
Helena still slept  peacefully in the  shadow. They had been   walking in these
woods for three days now. And before  that they had walked for two days to come
out of the rocky mountains that surrounded his old masters castle.
All that  they had  brought where  the dark red robe he whore, his staff, and a
book in  the arts. And some food that they had ate the last night. The  sun had
now risen  over the tree tops and Pietrius got  down from the stump  and walked
towards Helenas  tree and woke her up with a gentle kiss on her cheak. And then
they continued their  journey throught the woods. The woods were getting darker
and they had walked silently for some hours when Helena finally asked.
"What day is it?".
Pietrius stopped humbling. What kind of question would that be?
"You know what  day of the week it is?", Helena asked  and  stopped to some ten
metres in front of Pietrius and turned around.
"Well its just anyday, isn't it?", Pietrius murbled.
"You dont know  of the days in the week?", Helena  asked and  she seemed  to be
really surprised this time.
"Well no, I supposed they where all the same.", Pietrius replied.
Pietrius had told her most of what it had been like to be the old wizard slave,
and she ones again realised that he had much to learn.
"Do you know when your birthday is?", Helena asked.
"Well, yes or no? No I dont think so.", Pietrius said.
"Well, I was  born on  the second  Anday  in the last  Hawk.", Helena  said and
looked at Pietrius who seemed to not having a clue about what she spoke about.
"This can  take time", Helena  thought  and  their  journey continued  into the
darker woods.

It took some few hours but  at last Pietrius  knew about  the times, months and
weeks. The  only time he had knew  before where the faces of the moons Anga and
Gor and what  they did to magic. He  could never dream that the days could have
names. He  had repeated  the names  of the days  for himself  some time now and
thought  he  would  remember  them now. He  had always  had easy  to learn  and
remember. He thought so hard about the days that he did  not see that  they had
come to a small dark glade. Helena had though and she tapped his shoulder.
He woke up from his thoughts and looked around him. They where in a small glade
surounded by trees so high that they nearly didn't let in any light at all. And
in the middle of the  glade were a ring made  of huge rocks  in the size of two
men. They  walked two  times around the stone ring but found no strange things.
No runes or magic herbs.
But it must  have been made of  human hands. Well magical or not, it would be a
good place to spend the night. They could see the red sky telling them that the
night was  soon to come. They sat down by one of the rocks and looked up at the
sky as the stars one by one got visible on the cloudless sky.
And soon the bigger moon Anga got visible. But Gor did not rise.
"Gor cant be  seen and it is in the spring, that means that it must be sometime
in the second Hawk.", Pietrius thought with pride of his new knowledge and then
they fall asleep in eachothers arms.

Pietrius  and Helena  woke up  by the  sound of  music  aproaching. They looked
around  confused about  what was  happening and they  saw the light  of torches
coming nearer. There  where no time  to loose, they fast  ran into the woods to
hide. From their safe hideout in the woods they saw several figurs entering the
glade. They where all about  two theirds of a man  high and had  blonde, nearly
white hair. Their ears where pointy and they played music on flutes  and drums.
The small people lined up in to rows around the stone circle. Suddenly Pietrius
felt something  sharp in his back and a soft voice spoke with a language he had
never heard  before. But he  understood the meaning of the words when the sharp
object in his back pushed him towards the glade.
The music had stopped and they where brought to the centre of the stone circle.
He looked  around and  realised that  the small  people looked  much more  like
humans then they had done from a distance. By their looks he presumed that they
would be  Elfs. About ten Elfs stood around them with bows and arrows  pointing
towards them, and the Elf that had found them stood proud some  ten metres away
and spoke to a Elf that seemed to be very old. The old  Elf then walked infront
of them and spoke.
"I do not  understand what  you say.", Pietrius  said when the old Elf had said
the last word.
All the Elfs started to murle around and the old Elf looked around the crowd as
if he  searched for  someone. Then  out of  the second line  a girl Elf stepped
forward. She  had no pointy ears and her hair where darker then the others. She
was of the same lenght as the others and just as beautiful. And her  eyes where
blue and with pupils of a cat, just as the girl in Pietrius dream. The girl elf
spoke with the old Elf for a long time and all the other elfs where all silent.
Then the girl elf spoke to Pietrius in his native language...

They had spend the  night in a wooden  cage. Pietrius would easily had broke it
by magic, but the elfs would maybe not be as mercyful for that as they had been
for disturbing their ceremony.
The cage had a roof and had been their best shelter since they left the castle.
So why should they complain? The cage  stood in the middle  of a village in the
woods. The  surrounding  housed  were made  of fine  carved wood  with the same
beauty as the inhabities.
The sun  had rose and the shadows fell upon the cage and houses. The first elfs
had woken and walked around doing their duties, all of them glanced at them now
and then. The  guard outside their cage got replaced. And they got food to eat.
It seemed to be some kind of vegetables and tasted beyond  description of human
words.
The girl elf from the  last night who had  turned out to be  a half elf came to
their cage and unlocked it. They got out and the eldest elf aproached. He spoke
some words to the halfelf and then she turned to Pietrius.
"The old  have been  touched  by your story obout your escape from your master.
But he wants some proof.", the half  elf looked at them  and her eyes asked for
the proof immiaditly.
Pietrius had  only his masters old robe on him and he quickly asked for them to
get his book and staff. The halfelf spoke to the old elf who ordered  an elf to
get it  with a single  glance at one of the other  elfes. The  elf came running
with the staff and book, and he breathed heavily after the fast run.
Pietrius  took the staff and book and sat down on the ground. He laid the staff
beside him and started to search for something he could use in the book. He did
not searched  for long  till he  stopped and  saw the crystal on the top of his
staff  started to  glow with a bright white light. Then his old master appeared
infront of  him. He could see trough  the picture of his master and saw the old
elf  stapple back  with fear  in his face. His  master spoke to the old elf who
seemed to calm down again. And then then wizard disappeared.
The crystal did not glow anymore and was cold as ice,  and so were the old elfs
eyes. Pietrius  and Helena was  ones more  locked up in  the cage  and all elfs
seemed to disappear. They did not even get a guard.

They had not fled and the elfs had comed out ones more. And this time it seemed
as if  all of them had  gathered outside  the cage. The halfelf  approached the
cage and  she opened  the door. She  had a backpack  made of  leather and a bow
hanging on her back and she waved at them to come out.
"I am  supposed to be your guide out of the woods.", she said and turned around
and walked thru the crowd of elfs.
Pietrius and Helena looked at each other and then Pietrius  picked up his staff
and book  and they followed  the halfelf. None of the elfs said a word but they
all looked after them as they left the village.

Pietrius woke up. The first sun light came in from the window and  Helena slept
with one  arm on his chest and he felt her warm calm breath at his neck. In the
other side of the room in another bed lied Myh the half elf.
They had  come to  this farm  last night  and Pietrius  had cured  the  farmers
doughters fever. She  would probably  been cured by her own mana in a couple of
days, but  it had  been a  fair price  for a  nights rest and  he liked to help
people.
They had  left the elf village two weeks ago and the wood just two days before.
Myh had decided to join them, she had never fit into her society as a half elf.
And they had decided a destination for their journey. They should go to Helenas
home  village. She  had talked  alot about  it and it  seemed to be a beautiful
village at the shore of lake Viborg.
The farmers wife entered the room and apoligised for wakening them and then she
invited  them for breakfast. Pietrius thanked her and they were soon out of bed
and down in the dining room. The farmer where one of the richest in these parts
and the house where quite big. The furninure were in dark  oak and pictures  of
old and  long dead  relatives  hang on the  walls. The breakfast deserved to be
called a feast meal. And the farmers little doughter smiled  at them during the
hall  meal. With  their  stomachs full  they finaly  leaved the farm  and waved
goodbye. Some  hundred yards  from  the farm  Pietrius  eyes darkened. And  the
farmers doughter died with pain when a fewer boiled all her organs.
And Pietrius smiled.

Pietrius put down his empty rootale. That was his fift glass and he fell really
dizzy  right now. They  had come to the  tavern just before the sun descent the
horizon. And  Myh had shown  Pietrius the joy  of ale for the first time in his
life. There where  ten round  tables in  the tavern  and about  fifteen  guests
including  our band. Suddenly the  door flung  open and  a small  man with long
beard runned into the house and fell onto the floor.
Blood ran  down his  forehead  and his  eyes where  filled with fear. The dwarf
crawled up on  his feets  and hide behind  a table just in time for the door to
burst. Five hairy wolfsmen ran into the room and killed three guests with their
shortswords before anyone could do anything.
Myh aimed her bow and shot the first wolf man in his shoulder. The guests where
all in panic and fled all around. Several  crawled wounded and  bleeding on the
floor. The  wounded wolfman ran to our bands table and cleaved it with a single
shop of  his sword. Helena  stabbed the wolfman with her dagger, and Myh buried
her second  arrow in his back and Pietrius fell on  a chair and  tumbled to the
floor. The  wolfman  was  wounded  but  not  less  dangerous  has he approached
Pietrius. The wolfman raised his sword to chop him down and then he fell with a
third arrow through his head.
The dwarf  had been  found and  three wolfsmen  fighted him. The  dwarf battled
brave  but was doomed to fail as Helena came to his aid. She slitted  the first
wolfmens throat with her dagger and the wolfman throwed her into  the wall with
his last powers and then he fell down in a pool of his own blood. The dwarf got
a deadly  wound by a  sword in  chest and  dropped his axe. The three remaining
wolfsmen attacked the unarmed dwarf who punshed his first enemy in his chest so
hard  that  the  his ribs  came out  from  his back  in a  burst of  blood, the
wolfsmans body was dead long before it hit the floor.
Pietrius raised from the floor and his eyes darkened. He fell the  mana flow in
his arms  as he threw  a ball of fire  towards the remaining wolfsmen. The ball
exploded  as it hit the nearest wolfman, and the smell of  burned flesh  filled
the room. Both wolfmen fell but only one of them fell apart in a black clowd of
ashes. The other wolfman lied twistening on the floor, his fur  was burning and
he screamed in pain. Pietrius spoke the words of magic to end his life.
"Stop  dont kill him!", Helena  screamed  and  walked  into  the  line  between
Pietrius and the wolfman.
Pietrius  raised his hands  towards Helena, she would die with the others. Then
the tears fell down his sheaks and he lowered his hands. He could not kill her.
The wolfman lied still and breathed heavily when our band approached him.
"Dont kill me, dont kill me", he begged with a sore hizzing voice.
"I wont hurt you more.", Pietrius said with a calm voice.
Then he  let the healing  powers flow  from his own  body into the wolfman. The
wolfman soon rose and ran out from the tavern.
"Why did you let him go", a weak voise said and Pietrius turned around.
There lied  the wounded dwarf in a pool of blood. His chest was ripped open and
he could  see his  organs. Blood  floated  from his  mouth as  he finished  his
sentense. Pietrius had  never healed a bad wound like this. His body was nearly
emptied of  mana and he  got not  much of  hope when  he let the healing powers
free. The dwarfs  flesh was  strong and the wounds where soon not critical, but
far from healed.
Some of  the guests  had fled but  most of them  lied dead, a  few of them were
still alive. But there were none of them that could be saved.  They all died in
the arms of our band.
There  had been  a long  day. Pietrius  body was  emptied  of mana and  he fell
quickly to sleep in one of the beds of the abandoned tavern.

The morning  came and Pietrius  head ached. Both of the lack of mana and of all
ale he  had drunk. They  still slept but all of the other where allready awaken
when Pietrius got out of his bed.
They readied a breakfast from what was left of the tavern and spend the rest of
day with  burying the dead  bodies. There  where no  chance to give  them all a
decent ceremonial burning.
The night  came and  the dwarf  had   still not waken  from his sleep. The only
possession the  dwarf had  was his axe  and a golden  coin hanging in a leather
string around his neck.
Pietrius got to bed early he got to spare the mana that slowly  returned to his
body. Helena  and Myh spoke till  the late night  about what Pietrius had done,
they had never seen such anger in him before. Angas crescent visible on the sky
as every third and Helana and Myh got to sleep.

The sun did not rise this day. The sky was filled with clouds and the rain fell
in  floods. The  dwarf  still slept  as our  band got up  from their  beds  and
collected the last of the food.
The rain  still fell when the dwarf finally  woke up. He was weak  but all that
remained from  his wound  where a huge  scar all across his stommach. The dwarf
managed to  drink some water, but  could not eat the food that Helena had saved
for him. And he soon fell asleep ones more.
The next day came and the rain still fell. The dwarf had  got up before all the
others and had tried to leave when the others found him. There had been no good
escape and  he had not  even managed to get out of the room. But he  had proved
that he was getting stronger.
The dwarf  ate the  spare food, and  his body  got rid of  it the same way. The
dwarf did not try to escape again and the next day he got strength to talk. His
name was  Gork and  the wolfsmen had  hunted him  for two weeks. But he did not
want to say  why. Every time they  asked him  he ignored  the question and just
talked about something else.
The days  went by  and the  rain  stopped. Myh  got their food with her bow and
Pietrius got  his mana  back and just  a week  after the  four continued  their
travel.

The sun had  reached the top of the sky this day in the last hawk when the four
finally  reached the  goal of their  journey. Lake Viborg lied crystal clear at
the foot of the great northern mountains. And Helenas home lied near the shore.
But something was terribly wrong. The small houses that still where left  still
burned  and the  black smoke  filled  the sky and  the air  they breathed. Dead
bodies where  spread all over the place. Not only the bodies of human, but also
bodies of fallen Orchs.
The orchish  stone axes and spears had done their work. The village was totally
deserted. They searched  the ruins for  people that had  survived. Helena cryed
silently, knowing  that her family might be alive that very morning. They would
be lucky if  they where  dead and not prisoners of the orchs. In the outher rim
of the village they finally found a living man. His silver armor was stained of
blood, both human red and orchish green.
The fallen  warrior was  not unconscious  but in grat pain as he spoke, "I have
failed my god." - "You havent failed, you have fought brave.", Helena  said and
looked  at Pietrius. She did not need to tell him what to do and he let free of
his healing  powers. His  silver armor and  luck had potected him well and just
some few hours later he could walk. The night came. There where no need to make
a fire this night. The burning houses gave them the light they needed.
They  gathered close  to the  lake to talk. The  Orchs had  attacked  four days
earlier in the night and the people of the village had fought them well.
The village  had always been  good smiths and got good and strong warriors. But
the sudden  attack had taken them  by surprise. They  had a great loss of human
lives but  they finally  won the battle. Just to  face the enourmos hordes that
had  attacked  this  morning. There  had  been  no  prisoners. All  where dead,
children, women and men. No animal had been spared, all where slaughtered.
The band  lied down to sleep but Pietrius did not join them this night. He left
the others  and walked  into the  woods. Anga  was full  and Gor should be in a
couple of weeks. The night  was light and  Pietrius could  easily  find his way
through the woods.

The glade  floated in  the light of the two moons infront of him. There where a
stump  in the  middle and  Pietrius sat  down. He took out the crystal from his
pocket and  held it in his hand infront of him. The moonlight made  the crystal
glow and he could feel the warmth of it in his hand. The crystal  became almost
to warm  to hold  in the  hand and  then he  saw a silluette walking out of the
woods of  the far  side of  the  glade and  approached  him. He could see right
through the man that he knew so well, his old master.
"You have let the  shadow loose  boy.", the old  wizard said and he looked very
troubled. The  wizard wore  the same red  robe he had wore when he died and his
face was covered with scars. The beard was white and soo was his hair under the
hood.
"The shadow need a host to live in this world, and he have choosen you boy" the
wizard continued and Pietrius blood froze in his veins.
"Once I set  this shadow  free into our  world but  it is up to you to bring it
back to yhe dark lands.", the wizard sat down in the  mid air as  if he had sat
down on a throne. He removed the hood and Pietrius could see  the open wound in
hes skull.
"It wants to be a part of your soul, alone the shadow cant move in our world.",
The wizard  faded away  and the  crystal  lost its  glow. And  became  cold and
cracked into two black halves that fell to the ground.

Pietrius  returned to  his friends  and from a distance he could see the silver
warrior  and Helena  huging. Pietrius  hart was filled  with anger and his eyes
darkened. He  said nothing  to anybody, he  just walked  up to  the warrior and
violantly drag Helena to his side.
Then he  took her dagger  from her belt  and slit her troath. Her blood stained
Pietrius  robe and her  lips made  his name but  all that  could be heard was a
gurgel as blood floated down her mouth. Suddenly  he realised  what he had done
and he dropped her dead body to the shore of the lake she had lived her life.
"She is my sister!", the  silver warrior  screamed  when Pietrius turned around
and ran.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
