-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{*f1
             THE SHADOW - BOOK III{*f0

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   The talisman

Pietrius sat  on a big stump  in the middle of the glade. It was summer and the
sun shone  and all trees  stood green. But Pietrius did not care. He had killed
the one he loved, and could not return to his friends.
He looked  back to the village and saw a some smoke rise over the trees. It was
probably from the  burning of his loved. At least her soul would rest in peace.
His was banned and  he got to stop the shadow that darkened it. If he didn't he
would kill innocent people, and who know what else he could do. He  looked down
on his feet and saw the shattered crystal he had dropped last night.
It was  still black and in two pieces and was cold when he picked it up. He put
it into his pocket and turned around as he heard  a sound in the  bushes behind
him. "Who is there?", he said and a faggy figure stepped out into the glade.
The wolfman he had given the life.

"I have seen what you have done.", the wolfman said. Pietrius said nothing just
tightening his grasp around his staff. The wolf man had followed the band since
they left the tavern. He knew every step they taken. And he had sensed the dark
side in Pietrius, the man who have spared his life.
Pietrius told the wolfman about the old wizard and the shadow that darkened his
soul. "You must seek the ArchMage, only he can help you.", the wolfman said.
Pietrius did  not know  about the Archmage. The wolfman told Pietrius about the
island of  Gont and  about the  unseen university. And they decided to seek out
the island, and they began their journey imedeatly.

The next  day came. Whulf and Pietrius aproached the tavern and Pietrius opened
the door. They  stepped inside  and saw a  small room with four tables, by each
table stood four chairs. There were only three guests. Not much but maybe there
will be more later at the night, it where only in the middle of the day.
The two stepped inside and sat down by one table. The owner came and they asked
him if he had food to serve.
"Yes I have but not to dogs!", the owner sneesed and looked at Whulf.
Whulf snarled  and showed  his claws. "No dont  do it.", Pietrius  said and the
owner took  to step backwards  and drew  his dagger. Whulf  rose and showed his
fangs, his  red eyes  glowed. "Lets get out of  here.", Pietrius  hesitated and
pulled Whulfs arm. Whulf  lowered his  guard ready  to give up  when  the owner
burried his dagger in  Whulfs arm. Whulf screamed and Pietrius eyes darkened as
he threw the owner thru the tavern with a single word and into the wall.
The sound of bones cracking  was heard as  the owner fell  to the floor.  Whulf
grabbed Pietrius and drew him out of the tavern before he could  hurt the owner
more. "They have no right to treat you in that way.", Pietrius said when he had
calmed down. "Its no problem, I have got used to it.", Whulf said whith a sigh.
"I will get our food my self.", he continued  and quickly  disappeared into the
woods they walked thru.
Pietrius looked after him but soon he lost track of him.  Not much time went by
and Whulf  was soon back  with a rabbit  in his hand. Whulf  needed no knife to
prepare the rabbit and Pietrius no help to start the fire.
Their dinner was ready and they ate.

Where ever  they went Whulf was  not wanted. And there had been much trouble to
get the  small boat they  now sailed toward the island of Gont in. The boat was
barely big  enough for the  two of them and Wholf was shaking as a leaf, scared
of the  water. None  could guess  he could kill  ten men with his bare hands if
they saw him like this. Pietrius words did not calm him, wolfmen are born to be
frightened of water and feared by men.
From a distance they  could see the  island and the  giant castle of the unseen
university. They  had left the  mainland just after the sun had rose and it was
now in  the middle of the day. Pietrius controlled the winds with his magic but
they would not reach Gont before the night had come. It where now in the middle
of the  day and they ate the bread that Pietrius had bought before  they leaved
and drank  the water they  brought. The sea water was salty and may not be used
to drink.
The sun  sunk into the  sea and the  stars one  by one got visible on the black
cloudless sky. With a bump the small boat hit the rocky shore of Gont. Pietrius
tied the boat to a grat rock and they began to walk toward the unseeduniversity
just some miles away.

The grat castle door was ungarded and unlocked, but to heavy for a man to open.
Pietrius  did not  know what  to do  so he  simply rapped  the door. Just a few
second later  the door opened and  they saw a hooded boy behind. The hooded boy
seemed to be about fifteen years old and he showed them the way in. They walked
thru  stone halls and  great rooms. There  where statues shattered all over the
place and  the torches gave the castle a friendly feeling. Finally they came to
a huge wooden door with several runes  carved onto  it. Neither the hooded boy,
Pietrius or Whulf needed to open the door. It opened by it self and a voce from
behind spoke, "Come inside, boy.".

The room  was filled by  shelves and  there was  a great window made by colored
glass and  infront of the  window stood  a huge desk. In a throne like chair by
the desk sat an old man. His beard and hair was white since long and he whore a
dark  blue robe. "I have  waited for you  boy", the man said. Pietrius  did not
know  what to say nor if he where supposed to say anything at all.
"I have felt your presents ever since you were borned eighteen years ago.", the
old wizard  old but friendly  eyes searched Pietrius  from his very feet to the
top of his head. "I have been the ArchMage for twohundred years now but still I
havent  lived  a tenth  of what  your  master  have.", the  Archmage  spoke and
Pietrius felt his words where all true.
"Your master  ones studied  in these  halls, but  he was  banned and so was his
soul.", the archmage seemed troubled as he continued. "There is only one way to
kill the  shadow that darkened  his soul and now yours.", "How!", Pietrius said
with a thrilled voice. "You must seek out the four parts of the talisman of the
four arts.", as the  archmage spoke  those words  Pietrius felt  a pain  in his
chest.
The archmage reached with his hand behind his back and took off the necklace he
wore. It was made by black iron and was shaped forth of a  circle with the rune
of vi in it. It was worn in a leather band.
"Come forward.", the archmage said and Pietrius uneasily stepped forward to the
desk. The  archmage leaned  forward and  put the necklace in Pietrius hand. The
black  iron was cold  and smooth. "You got one forth of the talisman now, boy",
the archmage  said. "The other  three parts you  must seek out for your self.",
the archmage leaned back in the chair as he spoke the  words and then he showed
them out of the room with a flick of his hand.
Pietrius and  Whulf left  the room and  the  door closed by itself behind them.
Pietrius still  had the necklace in  his hand and he put it around his neck and
hide it  inside his robe. Another young hooded boy came to them and  they where
shown to  the kitchen. They  ate in  the  presence of  the hooded  boy who then
showed them  to a small stone room. There where two beds, a little  table and a
cabined in the room. Whulf did not wear any clothes so he immediately lied down
when Pietrius  hang his  robe in  the cabinet. Then he lied down on the bed, it
was hard and the pillow was flat. But that was not the  reason why he could not
sleep. He knew he had to find the other three parts as fast as he ever could.

The morning  came and Pietrius  had not  slept at  all that night. They ate the
breakfast with  the pupils  and then  they where asked to came to the archmage.
The archmage told them they got to leave at once. They got food to eat on their
journey and they soon left the island in the small boat the same afternoon.
Whulf was  still scared  by the  water and  did not dare  to sleep as the night
came. Pietrius  was tired  after the  last night  and Whulf steared the boat as
Pietrius slept.  The wind blew from north and when Pietrius slept  he could not
stear the winds.  The boat came out of course and when Pietrius woke they still
haden't got much nearer the mainland.
The wind  had got them out of course and they did not reach the main land until
two days later. Tired  and thirsty they finally came to the harbour in the city
of the  king. The city was  huge. And in  all corners  where dirt and wrecks of
human lives. Beggers all around in the down town around the harbor.
They finally  found a tavern and they went inside. The tavern was huge and full
of all kinds of beeings. Humans, dwarves, elves and wolfsmen. Even two Orchs.
There where  quite a lot of  drinking and  fights where  all around. None would
notice if you  stabbed someone  dead. They  sat down  in a corner  and at  once
pretty  elf girl  asked them  what they wanted. Pietrius thought fast and asked
for ale. No need to make a fuzz by ordering food, this just wasn't the place.
Pietrius and Whulf spoke as three men sat down at their table. It was Myh, Gork
and the silver warrior.

"Finaly we found you.", the silver warrior said and Gork continued, "And such a
company  you found." Whulf growled  as he saw Gork  and Gork  to recognised the
wolfman and draw his axe. "You cant kill him!", Myh said and grabbed Gorks arm.
"Stay out of this.", Gork said and get loose from her grip.
"You shall  not fight, I am a  Paladin and  I will  let him  speak first.", the
silver warrior said and Gork lowered his axe. "It is not him, it is the wolf.",
Gork  muttered. Whulf  was tense and ready to rip the dwarf into parts with his
claws any second and Pietrius laid his hand on him to calm him down.
Pietrius  knew he would  have to  try to explain to them what darkened his soul
and he  began to  speak. The  Palladin, dwarf  and halfelf  where all quite and
listened to his storry. They did not laught as Pietrius had expected.
"I feel two souls in you.", the Palladin said. "But still  you have  to pay the
price for killing my sister." - "I am willing to pay.", Pietrius said and added
"What ever the price may be." - "Our laws says you must die but as a Palladin I
am not allowed  to kill innocents.",  the Palladin said and draw his sword. "So
I demand your hand.", the palladin said fast. Pietrius laid his arm down on the
table and  looked at the Palladin. It was a fair price  to pay for what  he had
done. The Palladin looked Pietrius into his eyes and  then he raised his sword.
Pietrius closed  his eyes and  in the  next second  his hand was separated from
his arm. The  pain flow  as fire  through his  arm and he screamed as his blood
floated out on the table. He opened his eyes and saw his bleeding stump and his
hand on the table, the fingers where still twistening.
He stopped the bleeding with the words he knew so well, but he did not ease the
pain. He deserved it. All five of them left the tavern. And soon after the once
so pretty  elf girl  would find  Pietrius  hand lying on the table in a pool of
blood.

As they walked the streets searching for a place to spend the night they spoke.
Pietrius told about the talisman and showed them the part he got. They all took
a good  look at it  and the wolfman spoke. "The leader of the great herd in the
north is said to have a medallion that looks just like that",  the other looked
at him  and he  said apologising, "Well, but  that one got a shape made of four
boxes not  waves." - "Thats  it!!!", Pietrius  screamed. "The  rune of ya.", he
said  with a lower but  excited voice  and then he drew the rune in the dirt of
the street.
"Thats it!", the wolfman said.
"He is lying.", Gork said with fury in his voice. "He want to fool us to all to
be slayed,  hey are all the same.", he continued and pointed at Whulf.
"Why cant  you two  get together?", the  Palladin asked this time with anger in
his voice. "Mind  your own  business!", Gork screamed at the Palladin. "Hey you
calm down!", Myh suddenly  screamed  and they all  stood as frozen. "We are all
banned from our peoples or the last of them. Why cant  we work together instead
of  arguing?", none  answered her  question and  they silently  continued their
search for shelter.

The five adventurers where finally gathered. Pietrius the wizard, Alexander the
paladin, Gork  the dwarf, Myh  the halfelf and  Whulf the wolfman. Only one was
missing. One who could not return to the mixed band.  None of  the five had any
home to  return too, no  family to  guide them, all they  got was the band. And
they decided to go for the quest of the talisman.
It was  late in  the dragon  and the  fall was  coming when  they started their
journey  toward  the  northeastern  parts of the  Green island  where  the wild
wolfmen live. First they  walked by foot to the great harbor city of Eleb where
they took jobs as crew on a trading ship heading for the Green island.
The sea  was calm as  always in the fall. But still Pietrius weather magic come
in handy. The  sail took  only a week and they left and thanked the captain and
headed for the inner lands. They soon left the civilisation of  men and came to
the unknown parts of the island guided by Whulfs senses.

The campfire  burned in the  middle  of  the glade  and the  five sat around it
talking and loughing. They told stories of the old and sang songs of the myths.
They had not seen any trace of civilisation for a third now. But there had been
no trouble to survive. Myhs bow and Whulf gave them their food,  Pietrius magic
kept them  warm at night and Alexanders sword and Gorks axe kept them safe from
the wild  animals. Alexander had just  told them  about the deed of king Neomad
when Whulf hushed them quite. His nostrils flickerd and he wispered, "There are
something out in the woods."
Gork drew his axe, Alexander  his sword. Myh pulled her  bow and Pietrius hands
glew of energy. Whulfs red eyes and nose searched the dark. "There are at least
twenty of them, maybe more.",  he said to Alexander who stod nearest to him.
"We mean no harm, reveale your self!", Alexander screamed and lowered his sword
as an act of good will. They all followed Alexanders example but they all where
prepered to  attack any  moment. Then out  of the darkness come about a hundred
shadows. None of them could be seen properly but there where no doubts, hey had
found the  wolfmen. Outnumbereed  they gave up and dropped their weapons before
any fight had started.
One of the  wolfmen spoke to them with a language that sounded more like growls
and snarls then words. "We have intruded  on their ground  and should be judged
by their leader, at least I think.", Whulf translated.
"Tell them  we will come  with them  willingly.", Pietrius said to Whulf. Whulf
spoke the words he baraly remembered and the wolfmen walked them of.

The  wolfmens leader  sat on a  huge throne  made of  bones and skins of varius
animals from the woods. He was huge and strong. His red eyes glew and he wore a
piece of  black iron  around his hairy neck, it was the rune of ya in a leather
string. He  spoke the  growling  words and at every syllable they could see his
big fangs. "He have decided to let you free, all he want is me.", Whulf said to
the band when the leader was finished.
"Why you?", Pietrius asked him. "Because I have betraided and left my people he
said uneasily. "Tell  him that all  we want is  his  necklace and  that we will
leave in peace if we get it.", Pietrius said.
"But," - "Just tell him!", Pietrius interupted Whulf who uneasily and with fear
in his voice told the leader. The leader  laughed as he answered Whulf and then
Whulf  said, "Only as a leader of the people could you get the necklace." - "So
how do I  became a  leader then?", Pietrius  asked. "Well, you got to fight the
old leader and kill him.", Whulf answered. "Then that is what I must", Pietrius
said. "No you  cant fight, I will do it", Gork  said. "No, they will not except
our challenge. Only a  wolfman can challange the leader.", Whulf  said and then
realised what he had said. All where silent and looked at Whulf for a long time
and then Myh spoke. "You do not need to." - "I must.", Whulf  said and  pointed
with his right hand toward the leader, he revealed his  claws and  spoke with a
high  voice. The  leader did  not laught, he  just got down from the throne and
walked forward to Whulf.
The leader  was about a  foot taller  then Whulf, but  Whulf did not seem to be
scared anymore. The  leader turned  around and  walked  away thru  the crowd of
wolfmen. And then the crowd dragged them all after the leader.

They  had come  to  the top  of flat  cliff. All wolfmen  stood in a big circle
around Whulf and the leader. The rest of the band had been tied up. An old wolf
with gray fur aproached the champions in the middle and spoke with a high voice
to them and to the puplic. It was probably the rules if there where any and the
band could see Whulf nod.
The old wolfman  walked backward a  few meters  and flunged  a big  bone to the
ground between the champions and the next  second the leader took  a great leap
toward Whulf. Whulf fell to the ground but was fast up on his feet. Both of the
champions  eyes glew red  of fury. And  then Whulf tried to rip the leader with
his claws. He missed  and the leader  punched him to  the ground in a  cloud of
dust. As  Whulf rose they could  see blood  floating from  his nose. He  jumped
towards the leader and ripped him with his claws on his back. The blood floated
and the leader screamed in pain. Then he throwed Whulf into the crowd.
The crowd  pushed him  back into  the circle and the leader ripped him with his
claws in his face. Whulfs left eye got punctured and floated down his face.
Whulf attacked  the leader  ones more and buried his claws in the leaders neck.
The leaders blood floated but he did not scream when he ones more throwed Whulf
to the ground. Whulf laid on all four and tried to get up on his  feet when the
leader cut off  parts of his ankle with his sharp claws. The fight  was getting
to an end but Whulf still did not want to give up and got to his feet. He could
barely walk on his foot and absolutely not fight. The leader cut his belly open
with his claws and some of Whulfs organs fell out.
Whulf limped  some steps  backward and then he fell in a pool of his own blood.
Whulf lied still and breathed heavily. The leader slowly walked  forward to the
fallen wolfman and leaned over him. The leader sat on  his knees over Whulf and
prepered  himself to  cut his throuth. Whulfs right eye met the leaders and the
leader froze for a second and Whulf burried his hand in  the leaders  chest and
drew out his beating heart. The leader stood up and walked a few steps backward
with surprise in his face and then his dead body fell to the ground.

Our band  was freed  and gathered around Whulf who still held the leaders heart
in his  hand. One of  the wolfsmen  had put  the leaders necklace around Whulfs
neck. Whulfs the ground around Whulf and his fur where all covered by blood and
more blood come out of Whulfs moth for every breath he took.
"I could still heal you.", Pietrius said. "No please do not save me, let me die
in peace with my people.", Whulf said as his strength drained from his body.
"There must be something we could do?", Pietrius hesitated.
"Yes, I want you  Gork  to forgive  me for  what I  have done.", as Whulf spoke
those  words  Gork lowered  his head. "And I  want you  to take the talisman.",
Whulf said  and tried  to get the necklace  of his neck. He failed and took his
last breath, and his soul left our world.
"I forgive  you.", Gork  whispered as  Whulfs chest sunk for the last time. And
Whulf seemed to smile. None of our band said anything. Whulf had given them his
life so  they could get  the talisman. A  sacrifise he never had to do. A price
far  to high. Pietrius took the necklace of Whulfs neck and removed the leather
string. He then took out his part and put them together. They fit perfectly and
the talisman  seemed to glow for  a short moment as it melted together into one
part. As it did Pietrius felt the pain in his chest again. Not a great pain but
nothing  to ignore. The  shadow  definently  did not want him to find the whole
talisman.

Whitout Whulfs  to guide them the journey back to civilisation took a long long
time. All  they knew was  to head  southwest. The  whale rains had started. And
they had not been dryed for two weeks when they came across a little village.
The night  where approaching  and it was  getting cooler every day. The village
got a  tavern and  they went inside, maybe they could get a nights rest under a
dry roof. The tavern was small and was kept warm by a fireplace just infront of
the main door. Water  dripped and  wetted the  floor as  they sat down around a
table.   There  where four guests and  the owner dryed  some glasses behind the
counter. A waitress came to the bands table. She was quite old and probably the
owners whife. She  asked them  if they wanted  something to eat. They asked for
steak and  big stopes of  ale. The  women said she  would get it immidiatly and
started to walk away, then she turned around and asked if they where in need of
dryed clothes. The band apriechiated this and thanked from the  bottom of their
hearts.
"Well you better come with me inside the house then", the woman said and walked
out the  door behind  the counter. The band hesitaded for a short time and then
they  followed her. They  got new  dry and  warm  clothes. None  of the clothes
seemed to fit either Gork or Myh but they did not care.
The woman  then showed  them to  the table  infront of  the fireplace and short
after  their food  was redied. They  ate and  thanked and payed with their last
coins. They did not need to  ask for room because the  owner offered them  warm
beds for the night. The beds where warm and soft  and they all slept  good this
night. When  they woke  up their  clothes hang by one wall of the room. All dry
and clean. They got dressed and walked down to the tavern.
The owner and his wife smile at them and asked if they wanted breakfast.
"No thanks, we cant afford that.", Pietrius said.
"You do not  need to pay. You  are a mage, right?", the owner said and Pietrius
face turned red  as he said yes. "Then you could heal my acing back, that would
be enough.", the owner said and smiled.
It was a fair  price and  they ate. After  the meal Pietrius  healed the owners
back  and they left  the village. The  sun shone and the rain had stopped. They
walked  for the whole day  till the  night came and they prepered a camp in the
middle  of the woods. The rain  did not  fall and the night was quite warm, for
being in the middle of the whale.
They all  fall aslep fast. Pietrius  got a nightmare this night. And woke up in
the morning  not knowing about the owner of the tavern who was now lying in his
bed. Lame and in great pain.

The sun shine  this day to and they seemed to get out of the deep wood and into
the great plains. As the nigh fall there  where a short  rain. The rain did not
last for long and they fall asleep under a great oak.

Suddenly Pietrius woke up. The talisman around his neck was missing. He quickly
sat up and  saw a litle  creature  running into  the woods. Pietrius  flung the
creature to the ground with his magic and woke the others.
They surrounded  the creature and saw a little human like creature shaped as an
elf. But  the hair was  black and his  skin was grey. His eyes got no pupils or
iris and they where totaly black.
"A darkelf.", Myh said as if it was something she would never want to touch.
"Do not kill me.", the darkelf begged.
"Give me my necklace  back then.", Pietrius said trying to sound as scary as he
could. The  darkelf gave the talisman back and said, "I knew where the ful part
is hidden." - "Then  you better tell us.", Gork threathed and showed his axe in
the light of Pietrius magic torch.
"It will  do you no good  if I tell you, it is guarded well.", the darkelf said
and smiled.
"You just tell us!", Alexander said and draw his sword.
"It is  guarded by  a dragon  in the  Ragor  mountains.", the  darkelf said and
smiled even more.
Pietrius let  told the band to  withdraw  their weapons  and then  they let the
darkelf run. As the darkelf disappearded between the trees they all returned to
their  camp. They  did not sleep  more this  night. All where  on guard  if the
darkelf would come back, or something worse.

The next day came and they came out to the plains. Their journey got faster now
in the open  area and they  soon came to a harbor city. They ones more got ride
on a ship and ones more they walked the land of the mainland of Nidensia.
Pietrius traded his book in the arts for four horses and off they went. Heading
for the Ragor mountains. The  whale turned into dark as their journey continued
over plains, rivers  and woods. The  journey was long  but with the horses they
soon came to the rocky north. There where longer distanses between each village
now, and the  snow had started  to fall. They  got better  clothes in  the last
village  before the  great  mountains and  asked about  the dragon. Noone  knew
anything, just the eldest could tell them of a story he had heard as a child.
Guided by  the story  they continued north. One  night their  horses were gone.
There where  no signs of the thiefs just the tracks of the horses  in the snow.
They did not try to go after them, they just continued their travel by foot.
And the  next day they  approached a  valley. There  were no snow in the valley
just burned  trees and rocks. And  a small lake in the middle. They made up the
camp at the shore of the lake that night and got to sleep.

In the middle of the nigth theywoke up be the sound of slammering steel. In the
far edge of the valley they saw a huge creature walk toward them and the lake.
They hide behind some huge rock and spied at the creature. It was huge and grey
in the light  of the  two moons. It  had two  wings on its  back, and enourmous
claws. And its eyes glew in yelow light.
The dragon approached the lake and they heard a sound as if someone dipped warm
iron in  water as the  dragon drank. Then  the dragon  turned around and walked
away. When  the dragon got about a mile away from them they slowly and descrete
followed  the dragon in the shadows  of the cliffs. They finally came to a huge
cave  entrance and  they could  see several  skelletons  of  humans  and  other
creatures scattered all around. It was a dim light from the inside of  the cave
and they dicided to go inside.

The cave  was long and  the rocks dripped of water. It got warmer and warmer as
they got deeper inside the cave. Finally they came into a huge room filled with
gold, pearls and gems. The dragon lied in on the  enourmous pile of tresury and
he watched them. The band stopped and just looked at the dragon.
"I can feel a  fift person, tell  him to get inside as well.", the dragon spoke
and the stone wall tremored.
"Its me, I got two souls in my body.", Pietrius  said with a  high voice afraid
that the huge creature would not hear him.
The dragon  lowered his head just infront of Pietrius. The dragons  head was as
big as  five men and he puffed smoke in Pietrius face. Pietrius  could feel the
enourmous heat of the dragons breath and he was frozen be fear.
The dragon  raised his head  and spoke ones more: "So you have come to steal my
treasure."
Pietrius  spoke with a  tremoring  voice: "No all  I want  is the  forth of the
talisman so I could free my body of the second soul." - "I can feel  the second
soul, but  you should  know that you are  not the only one who is cursed.", the
dragon  stopped and blinked with his glowing eyes. "For a thousend years I have
guarded my  treasure, and never have I slept.", He then said  and lied his head
on his for palms.
"We could  guard your treasure.", Alexander  said as he  understood the riddle.
The  dragon  raised his  head and looked  at them and  then he  said: "Guard my
treasure for  one night and you  may choose one  thing to take. But you may not
steal anything  nor wake me  once I have fallen to sleep.", the dragon said and
the band excepted. The dragon lied down as a large cat and closed his eyes. The
band sat  down on the treasure  that would be enought to buy the kings castle a
hundred times.

The dragon  slept and the band kept guard. The hours went by and they could not
see the days change. Not only becouse of the cave but also becouse of the nigth
of darc. The  time seemed  to never  end. Gork  nearly fall  asleep as he saw a
shaggy creature entering the cave.
The creature  limped and spoke, "You never forgave me!". Whulf  approached Gork
and revealed his claws. His belly was still ripped open and he limped badly. He
stared at Gork with his one eye and snarled. Gork looked at the others, none of
them seemed to noticed what happened even though Whulf stood right beside him.
Gork grasped for  his axe but stopped as he saw the dragons eye slid apart just
a little and then  Whulf faded away. Pietrius noticed Gork grasping for the axe
but did not do anything as he was to afraid to disturb the dragon. He got  more
then releaved as he saw Gok let loose of the axe.
The hours  went by and  they all got tired. Pietrius fighted to not fall asleep
and put his head in his hands. He was sitting on a chest made of gold and ivory
and he looked down at his feet and saw a quarter of circle with the rune of ful
attached  to  it. It  was  the third  part  of  the talisman, Pietrius  got all
excited. He was  sitting nearest  to the entrance, if  he ran quickly  he maybe
could run out before the dragon woke up. No he could not, the dragon would kill
his friends. Helena  and Whulf had  died for  the shadow, maybe the rest should
too? No that could  not be right, but  the entrance  was just a few metres away
and he could find the last part by himself.
"No, you cant!", he screamed  in his thoughts to him self and he fell a pain in
his chest  ones more. When  he looked down again the talisman part was gone. He
looked at the dragon and saw him close his barely open eye.

Finaly the dragon  woke up  and he  spoke to them, "You  have proven  your self
worthy  and  you may  choose one  treasure." - "All I  want is the  part of the
talisman.", Pietrius said trying to be as calm as he could.
The dragon lifted  his left palm and  under it laid  the third part. "Then come
and get it.", the dragon said and the stone walls tremored ones more.
Pietrius stepped forward and picked up the third part. It was of the same black
iron and with the  rune of ful on it. He took out his parts of the talisman and
put them  together. And when the parts melted together he fell to the ground by
a great pain in his chest. He fell the taste of blood in his mouth and he  lied
still for a long time.
The dragon  gently lifted Pietrius and talked to him, "You are a good man and I
have decided to help you in your quest. I will ride you to the Zo dungeon where
the last part is hidden.", the dragon then put Pietrius back on the ground, and
showed them to climb his back.
The old legends tells about only two men who had so much respect that a  dragon
have allowed  them to ride  on their back. They  all feeled what this meaned as
they climbed the  dragons back. The dragons  skin was hard as steel but warm as
if a fire  burnt inside him. The  dragon walked  out of the cave and  he lifted
from the ground with strong flaps of his wings.

They did  noth speak and  neither did  the  dragon as  they travelled  over the
surface of  Nidensia, far bellow them they could see woods, mountains and small
villages. At the back of the dragon they made the journey to the southwest that
would taken  them months in just two days. And the dragon let them down  on the
ground in a glade.
"I wish you all mana you could get.", the dragon  said to Pietrius  and then he
left them  alone. They where  now in the  west parts of Nidensia. The desert of
Gorneta was probably just some few days south. The weather was warm even though
it must  be in the last of days of darc. Both Gor and Anga had been nearly full
this night. The glade was quite big and in the middle was a stump.  The flowers
grew and they could hear birds even though there was not spring yet. In one end
of the glade where huge rocks covered by bushes. They walked  to the bushes and
Gork quickly chopped them  down with his axe  and behind they saw a  stone door
with two runes  carved into it. The rune of zo and the rune of oh. They decided
not to go  in yet and instead  they all go for a hunt to get some food, because
they had not ate anything on the two days the dragon ride lasted.
Myh soon shot  an animal with her bow. The fallen animal looked like a pig, but
smaller. And it  got brown  skin but  no fur. Pietrius  made the  fire and Gork
found a  stream of pure  crystall clear  water. They  ate and drunk  and got to
sleep early that night. Anga and Gor was almost full and the night where light.
They all slept well.

They got up  late the next day. They  had needed this rest. There where nothing
nedded to  say when then  aproached the rock door. Alexander tried to openen it
but he failed, and  so did Gork the strong dwarf of the mountains. Myh did  not
try and Pietrius casted the spell of opening. Old air flow into their  faces as
the door opened into the dark hallway. And they entered.

The walls  where flat and  made of carved rocks. The dripping of water could be
heard  and so could  the echoes  of their  footsteps. Guided  by Pietrius magic
light they  walked down the  hallway and finally came to a crossing. They could
walk to the left  or the right. They  choosed the  right but went back and took
the other  way as they saw the  skeleton  of a man  in armor. They did not walk
fast in the narrov hallway, on the floor liad several rocks of diferent sizes.
Gork  and  Alexander walked  in the lead  and  Pietrius  and Myh  behind. Their
shadows  walked over  the no more  flat walls and Gork suddenly stopped. And so
did the rest. Gork silently walked back a few metres and picked up a huge rock.
He could barely carry the big rock and he dropped it on  the ground just before
the feets of the band. With a  rumble the floor  fell and they saw the deep pit
under. The floor of the pit where covered of sharp spears pointing upwards. And
here and there skeletons hang among the spears.
The Pit  where about  twenty metres  wide, no chance  to cross. The band turned
around and choosed the rigth hallway. They walked  past the armed skelleton and
came to a  wooden door. It  easily opened and they entered a huge room. And the
door slammed behind them.

"None shall  pass me, until  he has  answered my  riddles three", a voice spoke
from everywhere.
The room was about thirty times thirty metres and  had two doors. The  one they
came thru and one smaller with the rune of zo carved into it.
"A golden  head and golden  tail, but no body?", the voice  spoke once more and
the roof began to sink. They all panicked and non of them could think clear.
"Golden head?", Pietrius said looking at his companions. Gork touched his lucky
coin and then he screamed with joy, "It is my coin, the answer is my coin."
The roof still moved downwards and Alexander and Pietrius had to bow now.
"An arch yet but no back?", the voice spoke.
"Thats an  easy one.", Myh shouted. "It is my bow!", even  she and  Gork got to
bow now and Pietrius stood on all four.
"Hard as rock, blue  as sky and twinkle  in womans eye?", the  voice spoke  the
last riddle. Alexander  draw his sword and tried to stop the roof from lowering
with its blade of steel.
"Is it a diamond?",   Alexander asked but the voice did not answer and the roof
still  lowered and Alexandres  sword broke into  several pieces. There where no
hope left, they  would all  die. Pietrius  fell happy  that at least the shadow
would not get  a body to live  in. And then  he thought about what had happened
when his old master died, the shadow would find a new body. Sooner or later.
"If I just had  not killed Helena.", he thought. Maybe  she would  have the key
to this riddle. Then he realised that thats exactly was she was,  he remembered
the first time Helena had looked at him and the reflection in her blue eyes.
And he screamed, "Its my crystal!". And then he  took out the  two parts of the
crystal  and the  roof started  to move upwards. The  door with  the rune of zo
opened and they could see a light from behind the door.

As they  stepped into the room behind the zo door they could see a silver sword
floating  in the  mid air. Pietrius  stepped forward and looked at his friends,
they  all knew what he  had to do. An  Pietrius reached for the sword. A sudden
pain burned his armed and he was flunged backwards.
"Only a man with a pure soul could take the sword.", the voice speak.
Pietrius got  to his feet but  he still could not move his right arm. He picked
up his staff and leaned on it. The remaining band looked at each other and then
Myh stepped  forward to  try to take  the sword. She  flew into  the  rock wall
behind her with a flash of green light. And only two remained.
Gork and  Alexander looked  at each other  and then Gork stepped backward. Only
Alexander left. He  walked to the  sword and  took the handle  with both of his
hands. The  glow around  the sword faded away and Pietrius got to cast one more
spell of light. The sword was huge and heavy. And got two runes carved into the
handle, one on  each side. The  rune of zo  and the  rune of ku. Then  Pietrius
magic light died and they where all in dark.

"You have stolen the magic sword.", the voice spoke and they could see a spirit
materialize  infront of  them in the dark. "None have been worthy before.", the
spirit grew larger as he spoke and then he attacked the band.
The fight  was short  and Alexander slayed  the spirit with the sword. Pietrius
light came back as the spirit faded away. "At last I am free.", the  voice said
and the last of the sentense seemed to fade away.
The spirit  must have killed  itself or it had just tricked them. On the ground
in the middle  of the room  lied the  last part  of the  talisman. As  Pietrius
picked  it up and  felt the cold  black iron he knew that the spirit had wanted
them to free him. Spirits do not belong in this world.
Pietrius did not rejoin the talisman. He was not afraid of the pain that he had
felt for  every part  of the talisman, no  he just feeled that this was not the
right place. Then he putted the last piece of the talisman into his pocket, and
when he did he felt the warmth of the crystal. It was whole again.

Pietrius old masters image appeared. The wounded and dying wizard this time.
"The talisman  will join your  soul and the shadows completely, only then could
you fight it.", the wizard spoked. "Only a soul could slay a soul.", the wizard
said and  faded away and when he did he seemed to say something more but  noone
herd the words.
The band where all quite as then begann their walk out of the dungeon.

As they came  out the night had fall and so did the rain. Pietrius took out the
last  part of the  talisman  and joined  them togheter. Blood  floated from his
mouth, nose  and ears  as he fall  to his  knees in  the wet grass  of the dark
glade. Pietrius  body fall to  the ground and  he dropped  the talisman  as the
shadow left his body. The shadow was darker than the night and laughed.
"You could  never win  boy.", the shadow  spoke. "I will  get my host.", as the
shadow said those  words Alexander chopped him with the magic sword. The shadow
turned towards Alexander and laughed, "The sword looses its powers out side the
dungeon, you  fool.". Alexander  grasped at  his  throat as he fell down on the
ground. Myhs arrow just passes thru the shadow and Gork was throwed through the
glade before he could even attack. Pietrius lied in the grass. He felt the rain
beating his back, and his chest still ached.
Just in front  of him lied the  whole talisman. It  was no longer made of black
iron, the ring  was made of  bright gold and the runes made of silver. With his
last powers he reached for the talisman and put it around his neck.  The shadow
screamed in fury as is was dragged into Pietrius body.

Pietrius rose from the ground, his eyes where dark and the rain poured down his
face.
"No!!!", he screamed and grasped at the air as if he fighted him self.
"Kill me!!", he screamed and  the shadow was gone of his eyes and then the eyes
darkened ones  more. Alexander  got to his  feet, the others lied motionless on
the ground.
"I can't kill innocent!", Alexander screamed back in vain.
"I am not innocent.", the  shadow laughed  and Pietrius  rose his hands towards
Alexander. Pietrius hand glew of energy and Alexander rose the sword.
"No I cant!", Alexander whispered and started to lower his sword. Pietrius ones
more got control and he flung himself on the magic sword.
The sword went  through his heart  and his body was dead long before it hit the
ground.

Pietrius  looked around. It was  dark and all  he could see was the crossing he
stood in. The crossing  led into three  directions, the light, the dark and the
dim. He knew  where to go, the shadow was still bound to his soul and he got to
bring it back to the dark it came from.
He started  to walk  towards the  dark when  the shadow  ripped his spirit into
pieces. The  pain was  greater than  any pain he ever felt before. He could not
feel the pain in a body, just in his mind.
The shadow fighted him, it wanted to go to the dim. Pietrius got to stop it. He
began to fight his way toward the dark, he had to succed.

Myh woke up  and walked to  Alexander. Infront  of Alexander lied Pietrius dead
body. The falling  rain swept away the bood in Pietrius face and he seemed t be
in peace. The talisman hung in the leather string around his neck and  was ones
more black. Myh took of the talisman and it cracked into three pieces.

The shadow  got  loose from  Pietrius body. And  they  where now two souls. The
shadow materialised a soul sword and swinged it for Pietrius. Pietrius felt the
sword cut his soul and he materialised his own sword. As he did the shadow made
an axe. The fight kept on and Pietrius soul lost more and more of its powers.
The shadow was ready to stab his soul body with a dagger when Pietrius realised
that he had just tried to defeat the shadows strengts in the material. Only  on
the astral plain could he win.
Pietrius closed  his eyes and  let the world  fade away. He could still see the
shadow. The  world was  twisted and bended  and the shadow screamed of pain. He
could  smell the scream. Hear  his shape. And  feel his pain. For  a million of
years had he lived. A being of pure evil.
The astral plane broke up and the light filled all Pietrius senses. The  shadow
fell to the ground and they where back in the crossroad. The shadow lied fallen
on the ground. Pietrius grabbed the  shadow and  started to drag him toward the
dark. Soon  he came  to a stone wall. About  metre high and made of large black
stones. If he  pass this wall  there will be  no return. He  tried to throw the
shadow over  the wall. But  he could not. He tried  to push the shadow over the
wall, it could  not be done. He carried the shadow over the wall, and they both
passed. He walked a few steps and the shadow woke up. The shadow just looked at
Pietrius and then it left into the darkness ahead.
Pietrius turned around and saw the wall hundred of miles away. He got  to reach
the wall, he  began to  walk towards it. Every  time he  stopped, every time he
looked  back, the wall was even more far away. And he finally gave up. And lied
down on the black ground.

Pietrius  looked up and  saw a being of light. It was Helena. She seemed to bee
sad and tears falled down her face.
"Forgive me for  what I  have done.", Pietrius  begged and he felt the tears in
his throat. Helena said nothing as she rised her hand to Pietrius. Pietrius got
to his feet and walked towards her. Then she slipped away. Pietrius stopped.
"It was not your  fault, you can't blame your self.", Helena said and the tears
began to fall again.
"All I need is you  to forgive me.", Pietrius  said and the tears fall down his
face and he  fell to his  knees. Helena  walked towards  and turned his face to
hers with her hand.
"I forgive you.", she  said and Pietrius  stood up. They looked into each other
eyes and Pietrius gently touched her cheak. And then they  walked over the wall
and towards the light, holding eachothers hands.

                                                                        THE END

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
