AMAZINE 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           AMAZINE 4 BY THE HEMOROIDS
                               -review by Slimer-

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The fourth edition of the "underground" diskmag Amazine has hit the scene.
I was very curious when i got it because the magazine is now edited by the
Hemoroids and i couldn't wait to see what they done with it.
Well, i looked at it and you can read all about it a little further on in
this article.

                                    THE INTRO

The intro is done by members of Animal Mine and it is a good one.
You get to see a cube made out of dots, a zooming Amazine logo, coloured
tracking sprites( forgot the name of the effect ) and some dot balls.
Between the effects is some text with some info and greetings, the whole
thing accompanied by some chip music.
The music is based on the Synergy Sid routine and it sounds like a music
piece from Scavenger( but it is actually made by No More ).
Animal Mine was clearly inspired by the intro of D.B.A. magazine 6 when you
take a closer look at the intro.

                                    THE MAGAZINE

Where most of us had hoped for didn't happen, the magazine has still the same
interface and text displayer.
I was relieved to read in the mag that the Hemoroids will code a new interface
for issue 5.
Till then we have to do it with this one.......

The magazine had 10 sub menu's with different topics, the new editors didn't
change much on this.
You can choose between the following sub menu's,

Editorial             Demos 1
Spray-can Art         Demos 2
Interviews            Humour
The Scene             The Charts
Modem & Phone         Divers

EDITORIAL
In the editorial article are the greetings and some words against fellow mags
claiming that the ST scene is dying.

SPRAY-CAN ART
The Spray-can Art menu contains two articles on the subject, it's always
nice to learn to spray walls, windows, trains and other objects.

INTERVIEWS
I must say that the interviews are good but then again the are only four of
them in this menu.

THE SCENE
Like always in the Amazine, the Scene menu takes the biggest part of the mag
and it is the most important topic for an underground magazine.
The menu contains the Scene news and some other information about the scene
like a band count.
This particulair article contains some strange things,
At the end of a huge list of groups there is the comment that this proves
that the ST scene isn't dead yet.
However the list contains lots of groups who are dead or are not active 
anymore, so you can't prove with this list that the ST scene is dying or
not.
If the ST scene is so active why do we have such a hard time collecting
articles and why does Amazine doesn't have that many article's like before ?
Well, on with it......

MODEM & PHONE
For the communication fans there is the Modem & Phone menu with stuff about
their fave hobby.

DEMOS 1 & DEMOS 2
The demo section has two sub menu's (demos 1 and 2) with a big list of demo
reviews in it.
It is a shame that each review is very short and hardly contains more then 10
sentence's.

HUMOUR
There is also some humour and this can be found in (ofcourse) the humour menu.

THE CHARTS
Next to the Scene news an equally important topic in Amazine are the Charts.
You can find a list of the best legal and illegal groups and several other
lists.

DIVERS
In the Divers section you can find all kinds of articles, including adverts
and stuff.

------------------------------------ CONCLUSION ------------------------------

I wonder if the Hemoroids stay as much "underground" as Mad Vision did.
The Hemoroids are more or less a legal demo crew and Mad Vision was a 
illegal cracking group.
The magazine could use a facelift and i'm shure that in the next issue the
first changes will be visible.

I'm sorry to say that this issue of Amazine is not that good as the previous
ones from Mad Vision.
The articles are to short and there aren't enough to keep you busy for longer
then half a hour or so.
Lets hope that the reviews become a bit longer in the future, even if it means
doing 10 instead of 20 !

I will not judge to hard because this is the first issue under the Hemoroids
flag and they need some time to get the thing rolling.
We of the D.B.A. wish the Hemoroids much luck with the next issue's and i
hope you will take our criticsm in conseration.

-- NOTE
Sorry no comment on the stuff on the disk because of problems with my monitor.

