ANOMALY DEMO 

         ________________________
        |ANOMALY DEMO BY MJJ-PROD|
         ------------------------
   review by N.R.T.H. from the Admirables

First of all,I have to tell you that I'm now listening to an old Iron 
Maiden's tape,song played : Charlotte the Harlot.
It's why I'm in very good conditions to do a cool review,and this demo 
will surely help me to do it too.
This french crew took part to several demos like the Snork,NTM,Phaleon...
They're from France,near Montpellier exactly.
This is a two disks demo,let's go ...

PRE-INTRO:
--------
Here's a cool effect here.It looks like a trickled liquid in fullscreen.
I think that it's in fact some vertical scrollers up to down,looks nice.
It's followed by a piccie of a bird full of oil.
What's the meaning here ? Is Mjj-Prod an ecologist crew ?
No politic in disk-mag please,there're enough fuckings in the scene,enough
troubles ...

LOADER:
------
Sample.A text displayer,font 3 planes,"loading" zooming logo.
Press space when the led of your drive is switched off !
While Decrunching,the screen is all black,couldn't they put a little
Decrunch logo ? Not really important ..

INTRO OF THE DEMO:
-----------------
You'll see three great piccies by Niko and another guy I haven't been able
to describe his name.Eye,snake,MJJ logo,Present logo ...
And finally a cool two n' a half screen (approximately) "ANOMALY" logo who
is scrolling right to left,left to right in fullscreen.It's also bouncing.
And it's in fullscreen with soundtracker !!! 
Fabulous graphics.

MAIN MENU:
---------
Do you know the game Marble Madness ? Well if not let me explain you a 
little bit his rules .. you're moving a small ball with the cursor keys,
it's a 3/4 tridi land,that means that you're moving in "diagonal".
Well you have to enter the doors to see the different screens of this 
demo.It's in fullscreen,there's a scroller in the up of the screen,3
different worlds you can explore with the teleporters on the floor.
Great and original,I think this last word is gonna be repeated lotsa time
in this review,hope you don't mind,do you?
The only little bad point in this menu is the scrolltext,it's too short 
for a main menu scrolltext..
Try to get to the hidden screen .. the Scato screen ..

                      FIRST WORLD

SYNCHRO EFFECTS:
---------------
Lotsa Sync effects.It's a small multi-part.Try the function keys,and 1 to
9.It's in fullscreen,there're some plasmas,some magnifiers(great Eddie 
head by Niko),some DISTING magnifiers,an Anomaly logo,some bouncing 
sentences displayed on magnifiers with 3 bitplanes fonts,a raster scroll
with some distort and crush,other effects,digit of some members of Mjj-
Prod in magnifiers,and a Mad Max soundchip music.

KARAOKE:
-------
Have you heard about this machine ? It's the thing who makes you sing some
famous song by displaying the words of it and the rythm .. well you see ..
This screen is a conversion of that..
In the first screen you have to choose between some french and english 
songs,there're about ten .. KARAOKE logo,three big 1 plane sprites.
While playing a song,the text is scrolling vertically and the colors of 
the font indicate you when to sing.
Very original music,soundtrack.

GUEST SCREEN BY OXYGENE:
-----------------------
By the way,this crew has released their own demo called the O-Demo.I'll 
probably review it a day,wait and see...
You get a first intro screen with some logos,well precalculating ?
Do you remember the screen of Keops in the Eat my Bollocks called "Jailed
stars in space"? Here it's a bit similar.The difference is that it's a 
vector ball scrolltext which is prisonner of the 3d object.
There's also a normal 1 plane scrolly with rasters.Mad Max tune.

LITTLE MARIE:
------------
We learn that a member of Mjj-Prod called Fel'x is now father.His daughter
is called Marie,this screen is dedicated to him,and to her ?
You can hear some baby cries soundtrack tune,it's a fullscreen with some
scrolltexts separated by some band of background gfx,it's moving up and 
down.Original screen.

FULL SHADES:
-----------
Overscan,it's using the shade colors on some background,scrollies ..well,
cool and original but pretty undescriptible .. and I like that .. coz it
means that this kinda screen hasn't been done thousand times before..

                      SECOND WORLD

GREETINGS SCREEN:
----------------
It's the first screen you have to swap disk to load it.There's sometimes a
little bug when you press space after having put the other disk but not
really important after all !
ok.. sinus one or two pixels scrolltext in fullscreen .. then a starfield,
some rasters,an Anomaly nice logo in the up of the screen,a text written
word by word with some big excellent font,and all that is moving 
vertically.Soundchip tune,and I was about to forget that now there're 
three different sinus scrolltexts.Good looking one.

BORING COLORS EVERYWHERE:
------------------------
Mad Max tune,rasters in the text,I mean plasma.It's a multipart containing
several raster n' plasma effects,wait till the end to see great things.
Nothing original but well done.

BORING DOTS:
-----------
A MJJ PROD dots logo is moving around while playing a soundchip by Crispy
Noodle.There's a nice text displayer in dots here which is indicating you
what's goin' on next and so on .. available:Dots objects,some of them
are distorted,some fractal mountains featuring 4 different colors of 
point,different curves,waves .. Then some circle (do you remember the 
Homische Sakraten von der Hole,I mean the Zonk screen ? )in 3 planes
different which  make a cool impression.
You can also play with the cursor keys,clr home and insert one with some
flags.And finally,an huge amount of point is displayed.
Not the most original screen of the demo but well done.
                       
                      THIRD (AND LAST) WORLD

LE COCHON QUI RIT:
-----------------
It's the adaption of a french game for little kiddies,we all used to play
this when the SINCLAIR ruled.It's a good conversion,that proves that the
st is a great machine for conversion,and a really original idea.
Menu,Options,two players,soundtrack,nice graphics,good design and clean
code is the recipe for lotsa fun.You also can hear a sample when you quit.

DNT CREW GUEST-SCREEN:
---------------------
It's a multipart.DNT CREW logo by Niko from MJJ PROD,press space to see
the different parts: a big bouncing rasterscroll,some plasmas,a background
disted with a text displayed on it,esc to exit,soundchip by Tao/ACF.
Nothing really new but a not so bad screen all in all.

FUTURE MINDS GUEST-SCREEN:
-------------------------
Original soundchip tune by Skyline,with average graphics (not by Babar).
Fractals,the screen is divided in four parts,in the middle the palette is
changed.Space:little scrolls,rasters,stars,lines,logo ...
Space:Shadebobs. Space:Endpart,cool raster background disting effect,
scrollies.Average design,it's a pity!

DISK FILLER:
-----------
The fabulous story of Mr Costaud the strong guy.
A text is scrolling vertically,you also get some piccies,and a nice sound-
track tune.Quite good for a disk filler,it's in fullscreen.

RESET:
-----
Picture:octopus,anomaly logo.Then a "Poulpe des Guarrigues" Background is
moving in all directions,border up and down removed,a text displayer is
bouncing in 1 bitplane,cool soundtrack(nice job from their own musician:
Smith).

CONCLUSION:
----------
It really surprised me when I saw this demo for several reasons:
 _the screens are all originals
 _the demo is really well done,I thought MJJ PROD was not so good,but now
I must congratulate them.
 _it's surely one of the best demo of the latest months,that is to say one
of the best last demo on ST !!!


 Bye,

   Thomas.




