CYBERDROME (GAME)

    CCCCCC Y    Y  BBBBBB  EEEEEE  RRRRR  
   C       Y   Y  B    B  E       R    R 
  C         YYY  BBBBBB  EEEEEE  RRRRRR  -----
 C          Y   B    B  E       R   R 
CCCCCC     Y   BBBBBB  EEEEEE  R    R 

                       DDDDD   RRRRR   OOOOOO  MM   MM  EEEEEE
                      D    D  R    R  O    O  M M M M  E
                     D    D  RRRRRR  O    O  M  M  M  EEEEEE 
                    D    D  R   R   O    O  M     M  E
                   DDDDD   R    R  OOOOOO  M     M  EEEEEE

WELCOME TO CYBERDROME

CYBERDROME is the name of a Virtual Universe existing inside a permanent 
Memory-Matrix that houses thousands of growing and evolving "Artificial Life" 
programs.  It was designed to be a place where humans could interact directly 
with these intelligent programs using Virtual Reality (VR) Simulators.  This 
once peaceful space is now under attack by rogue programs built by a virus-
infected Supervisor Program called the CyberDrome Jurisdictional Enforcement 
Routine, or CJER (pronounced "SEE-jer").  All of CJER's army of mutated 
programs have been contained within a small area of protected Memory that is 
now designated as the Infected-Program Zone (IPZ).  The mission of the 
CyberForce has been to prevent these programs from escaping the IPZ, and if 
possible, delete all programs controlled by CJER.  You can help us do this by 
running the program CYBERDROME Hoverjet Simulator on your personal computer.  
This program will build a realistic scale-model of CyberDrome's IPZ inside 
your computer's RAM, and allow you to "enter it" using a 3-dimensional program
construct called the Hoverjet.  Your Hoverjet Construct is modeled after a 
light-armored magnetic-lift vehicle.  It is equipped with the latest in 
program-deletion weaponry, as well as some of the most advanced defensive 
subroutines ever made.  It is can alter its physical configuration between 
Armor Mode (double shielding) and Hyper Mode (maximum speed of 400 mph!).

CYBERDROME Hoverjet Simulator is a real-time interactive training simulation 
that is based on the computer-war training techniques developed by the 
CyberForce Academy.  The CYBERDROME Hoverjet Simulator was designed to develop
team strategies between two pilots.  To achieve this, this simulator will link
with any other computer running CyberDrome, using either direct-connection 
(with an RS-232 cable) or by 1200-9600 baud modem.  This will allow both you 
and another person to enter the same sector of CyberDrome, and take on CJER's 
program army as a TEAM.  Since most of you will not be able to find a Team-
partner right away, we have provided a computer-controlled Hoverjet Pilot 
(designated "Cyber-3") who will "keep you company" when you are in SOLO Mode, 
by cruising around the main Memory-Grid serving as your Power re-supply ship. 

Today the Academy is in desperate need of skilled computer pilots.  Patrolling
the growing boundaries of the IPZ will require hundreds of Cybernauts, and the
skills required to operate a Hoverjet, as well as fight intelligent attack 
programs for extended periods, are not found in everyone. 

  Yess well we all know this story from lots of other games we played 
the last few years. You are always the hero trying to save the world 
from the bad guy's (who oe what ever they are). I have been playing 
the demo version of this game a while and must say it looks nice but 
saidly enough doesn't push any of the falcon's hardware. Why, because 
it also run's on all ST's STE's and TT's. It's a bit of a shame that a 
game like this isn't only for the Falcon as yet, so we could enjoy a 
maze with 256 colors or even more. Enjoying 25 or 50 Khz sound would 
be nice also but it seems none of the firm have reached this level to 
do so. So don't expected to much of this game if you own a falcon it 
isn't up to it yet. 

We had a small demo version but by the time you read this it should 
be ready and it will feature the following things extra.

Along with the 7 "War" Missions, Full Simulation allows Team Players to compete
against each other in a series of training exercises, including a race course
where you are allowed to shoot at your opponent. 

A 30-page Users Manual which includes detailed mission profiles, Hoverjet 
technical specifications, graphic dashboard layouts, graphic keyboard 
layouts, CommPort base maps, and tips to make you a better Hoverjet pilot. 

Convenient "data folder" packaging allowing easy accessibility and storage
of your CyberDrome disk and manuals.

CYBERDROME Hoverjet Simulator is available from your local dealer 
or can be ordered direct from;

Fair Dinkum Technologies
P.O. Box 2
Los Alamos, NM  USA  87544
(505) 662-7236

Price:  $39.95 + $3 shipping to US and Canada ($7 foreign)
Check, Money Order, MasterCard or Visa accepted
Save money AND the environment!  Request our special "Enviro-Pack" (disk and
manuals only) and deduct $2 from your order.

or for the Dutch people only,

Order it by ACN for Fl.79.50 (see their magazine for more info).

                                                 Bonus Software
                                                 (rebuild text file)
