FLY OVER FANTASY 

           __________________________
          |FLY OVER FANTASY BY EAGLES|
           --------------------------
      review by N.R.T.H. from the Admirables

Eagles is a french crew.It's actually not a new one,they've made another
demo sometimes ago called Atlantis,and they're also producing some 
compils.It's only a pity that they only have one coder in the crew,working
on this demo.It fits in 2 disks.
Let's start ...

INTRO:
-----
You first admire a picture of a cool country ... the France ! In the two
sides of it there're two eagles.Then an Eagles logo bounces on a raster 
with a mirror effect.A text displayer tells you some little informations,
using Spaz font but reduced,followed by a Fly Over Fantasy piccy.
You come back to the infos after to see a logo of all crews who took part
in the demo.Do you remember Delta Force's Greetings Screen in the Syntax
Terror? Well,something of that kind ... 
By the way,you can hear a soundtrack too.Press space.

MENU:
----
A little scrolltext with small 2 bitplanes fonts.Some Fly Over Fantasy 
little sprites in a sinus wave in the up of your screen and in the middle,
you're able to control a skiny boy running around on his island quite fast
,featuring a bi-directionnal scroller.Soundchip by Mad Max.
Select your hut to see a demo-screen.

LOADER:
------
A big sprite is moving around in the space(understand here that there's
also a starfield!),it's a disk.Mad Max soundchip.That's for the loading.
Now the decrunching,you only get a digit of a jap-girlie good looking face
to make you wait for the screen!

ACCS:
----
I never heard about this crew before,anyway ...
It's a one plane screens but a little bit different than these usual kinda
intros,this one is featuring three scrollies:one normal horizontal,a 
nice diagonal other one(remember Alf Megademo 3!!),and a pretty big verti-
sinus scroller.All that with an ACCS logo going up and down in the whole
screen.Nothing really brainblasting.Ah yes,the colors change and there's
a Mad Max sound'Hip tune.

ABSTRACT:
--------
"Smells like teen spirit",the song who made Nirvana famous in France.
You got it here in a soundtrack format of coz,but it remember me a dentro
called "Smells like screen spirit" where was this music too.I don't think
it's the same module,but in all times of the st,we all got to find our
own originality.Well,not very important after all ...
Logo,text displayer,it's the presentation of the screen.
It contains himself 4 skulls-equalizers,another Abstract logo(not as good
as the first one by the way!),some 1 plane sprites and a little 
scrolltext.
According to me,it's a not so bad try to a demo-screen,hope they'll 
improve a lot.

KGB:
---
Fullscreen picture of a sensual girl,press space.
KGB logo is distorted,it's again a fullscreen with rasters,a bouncing
scrolltext,some infinite sprite (I think),and a Max Max soundchip.
Clean screen,but nothing really new.

THE MISFITS:
-----------
Well,I have to clear something for you here.Epsilon,an ex-OVR,formed some
times ago the Misfits Software,also called TMS.Then Epic,Vixit .... joined
him in the crew.The Misfits here are the one who took part at the 
Transbeauce demo 2 disk 2,the ones with Joker.All right ?
Let's talk about the screen himself now ...
Have you ever seen a kinda techno screen with soundchip? Try dis one!!
You can see 2 one plane piccies flashing,a scroll with some rasters,and
some modulo equalizers!
The only advantage of the screen is his fast loading for a techno demo!!!

PULSION:
-------
This screen was done in summer.Yes,this demo was supposed to be released
a long time ago,but due to different thing,it only has been released 
recently.It's a shadebobs screen,you can change the form of the (big)
sprites by pressing F1 to F5,the curves 1 to 5,try also the keys T,B ...
Well,Supercar 2 soundtrack is playing.There's colorcycling in the bobs.
The guy who coded this,Mean Machine,is now on pc!Good luck Cyril !!!

THE ULTIMATE:
------------
Dots text displayer,then some fractals,then the last part:a realtime 
circle with whom you can play around changing the parameters.

EAGLES:
------
Their only screen(except the reset,intro and main menu).
A fullscreen picture telling you that there would be some vector balls.
After having pressed spacebar,you can see them,they look small!
There's also some mountains in the background,a starfield,a scrolly,and
a Mad Max half-digit tune.Too small,too few.

N.G.C.:
------
It's the biggest screen of the demo,and I think it's the only one on the
second disk !!! It has been done by New Generation Crew who is working on
ST,AMIGA,CPC.It's a big multi-part they could have released alone for a
dentro.Let's start the description ...
First,a NGC logo appears in 32 colors !! The graphix is really good!
By the way,a soundtrack tune is playing in a nice frequency.
The "transition and information" part is an original text displayer
(where the letters seem to turn on themselves)with a starfield.
You then get some shadebobs,some dots objects who are changing and where
the colors change too.
Now,you're watching the end part.
A bouncing "To be continued ... " logo is bouncing and ... and ...
A starwar scrolltext,or should I write a Big starwar scrolltext,scrolls
(no?are you sure?)on a space picture.Looks very good on a poor st !!!
Yes,but they stopped the soundtrack to play an half-digit music by Mad 
Max!What a pity! There's still another part in the end-part featuring an
interlace picture with a text displayer giving you some infos ...
You have to reload the menu after this screen.
One of the best in the demo.

CHANGE DISK:
-----------
Some stars,some fonts tell you to change the disk(I think they have been
made by Carnera/NPG),and in the middle,among the stars,a vector disk with
some rasters in it.

RESET SCREEN:
------------
Stars,soundtrack,text displaying 3 planes font to give you the credits
and all other stuff.

CONCLUSION:
----------
Well,Eagles' demos just get better and better.But you still can't compare
them with the best demos.If you like that kinda of productions you can 
have it,but if you only love REAL GOOD DEMOS,don't care about this one.

Except some good screens,the rest is ... not some pure lame ones ... but 
only average and nowadays,demos have to feature never seen effects to be
recognize ... 

Bye,

  Thomas.

p.s:Well,now I can tell you where the hidden-screen is,just go to the 
little hut after NGC's one and press space.I won't review it here as I'm
too lazy to do it,you just have to know that it's made by Eagles and this
screen is on the second disk!


