RELAPSE DEMO

              _______________________________
             |RELAPSE DEMO BY THE CYBERNETICS|
              -------------------------------
           review by N.R.T.H. from the Admirables

This is a pretty big production of three disks realised by a french crew.
I haven't seen anything new from them since the Transbeauce 2 demo,and I
may say that I was really surprised when I load the Relapse Demo.

INTRO:
-----
Choose your way of loading now (like in Phaleon do you remember?).
Then a really cool stuff is showing.You can see the letters of the word
RELAPSE moving aroung with in the middle of the screen a raytraced CYBER-
NETICS rotating logo.Then it stops to go on a piccy with this same logo.
Good sound here.

NORMAL LOADER:
-------------
Loading cool logo.Clean effect,have you seen the dentro by Hemoroids ? 
surely... the dancing rasters ... here it's just lines forming square,who
are zooming and moving.

FAST LOADER:
-----------
It just tells you that it's loading.

LIQUID OSMOSIS:
--------------
Before some little explanations.You can watch this demo by two different 
ways,the first one is to press help to have a little kinda menu.There 
press different keys.The second way is to just stay in front of your Atari
and to wait ... yes it'll go through the demoscreens after sometimes in a
screen.Personnally I prefer the menu coz it's pretty annoying when you're
reading a scrolly for a while and it swaps of screens...
So let's come back to LIQUID OSMOSIS ...
Here again they used raytracing ... You can see a drop of liquid who is
falling in some water ... Taken from the film DUNE they say .. This little
piece of animation is copied six times on the screen and in the lower
border.There's also a little scrolly and a wonderful original tune.
This screen is really nice to look at,original and beautiful ( I think it
is the two words more used for this demo with good design).

EGYPTIA:
-------
By the way,all musics are playing in a very high frequency,it sounds like
that(for example in this screen 50Khz !!!).
You can see here a piccy (egyptian style ofcoz) with a dotscroller.So also
ofcoz some flexiscrollers are displayed but there's also lotsa diff waves.

GRAPHIX SOUND II:
----------------
It's a sort of techno screen,by the way there're two different version of 
Graphix Sound II but if you don't load them from the menu you will see 
only the first one.Well here you get many equalizers,rasters effects,
piccies,circles,cubes,the same effect as the normal loader,some objects
in lines,and a very original fab tune.
The difference between the version is the music and the order of how they
used the effects.Nice screens.

NAME VERY LONG SO .... :
-----------------------
It's not the real name of this screen but I keep forgetting it so ..
Disting background,TCN logo and a flexiscroller with many dots.

CASCADE:
-------
2 vertical scrollers,border up and down removed.It's in interlace,with a
great piccy in the middle of the screen.
Great piece of art(gfx and sound). 

SPACEFILLER:
-----------
A Cyber logo with a raytracing animation in it of some clouds.Text 
displayer,then piccies.Good gfx(especially the fonts),tune.

THE END:
-------
You'll have the credits here of each screens with a picture of them.
The letters are some sprites,fabulous The End logo.Another cool tune.

FAST MENU:
---------
Great plasma.Press ... to ... You can choose the screens,the musics you 
want to here ... No sound here.

SHADED VISION ART:
-----------------
When you choose a music in the menu,it'll play it with this screen.There
are about ten different tunes.
It's a shadebobs screen of course.Quite good.

CONCLUSION:
----------
If you like good design,original things,art,get it.
If you don't,get it too coz it'll impress you.Good work.
You may think that it takes lotsa disk for not many screens but the high
quality of them is surely repairing that.


Sorry for such a bad demo-review but I'm totally out of time !!!

Bye,

  Thomas.

