MULTI REVIEWS

             _________________
            |THE MULTI REVIEWS|
             -----------------
       by N.R.T.H. from the Admirables

You probably wonder why I'm writing this article,but the reasons are 
simple:
 _I won't review all the megademos,dentros,sound-demos and other stuff
released recently coz it'd take me a century ! So here I do a short review
of many things.
 _Some dentros don't worth their own article,if they're not big enough,you
get my opinion here.
Ok,so now let's start with ...

CHOICE OF GODS BY HOLOCAUST :
----------------------------
First of all,to see the hidden screens,type the sentence:
       I WANNA SEE IT   and   HOLOCAUST FOR EVER
On my computer,the one you get when typing the second sentence doesn't
work,so in fact I don't know if there're two different screens...well..
Holocaust is a french crew,they took part to the Transbeauce 2 disk 2,a
long time ago and now they bring us this 2 disks product.
The menu is a sober,you only have to choose the screen you want to watch
with the up and down arrows (and spacebar of course !!!).
What do you get here? Many stuffs like :
Big sprites in fullscreen,soundtrack tunes,jap girls piccies,zooms,star-
fields,text displayers,earth picture with scrolltext around it (remember
Omega Ballscroller or Overlanders one in the Ultimate Gfa ??),Holocaust
logos,filled vectors,line vectors,small scrollies,mad and totally crazy
codes,landscapes,soundchip musics,hidden screens,precalculating,multiparts
,dots,gfx,cube with nice scroll effect in each sides of it,raging rasters,
sparkling sprites,flexiscroller(but the best one ever done on st !!),
distorted flexiscroller with a cube,the first water scroller,jess/OVR 
tunes,balls,disk fillers,fullscreens,funny and totally weird screens,3D
lines,3D objects,backgrounds,never seen effects,effects from Amiga,full
pictures (6 screens !!),vectorballs scrolltext,animations, and even bugs!
All that made this demo one (otherwise THE) of the best demo of these last
months ! 
YOU HAVE TO GET IT GUYS RIGHT NOW ! ONLY FABULOUS !!!


DREAMS BY ANIMAL MINE:
---------------------
Another dentro coming from Animal Mine.I think I don't have to present you
this crew,you all know the Great Stuff Compils and so on ...
This dentro was coded by Zaxx,with some graphics by JMS,No More,and 
Shadow Master,and two modules by DOMM.
You can hear a soundtrack while loading,then a 20th Century Fox digit 
appears,the music really starts here too.An anti-aliased font tells you
who made that.And last,you can see a Dreams logo,which's gonna rotate and
zoom.All those pictures pass quite fast.
You now have the main screen in front of you containing a vertical Animal
Mine logo,a starfield and a text displayer.
While loading each part,you have a little picture of what you'll see,
remind me the Overdose demo.
What do you get here? Many stuffs like:
Elastic lines,raytracing animation,fractal mountains,keftales,Dreams 
vertical logo,superb Animal Mine logo,picture of a girl,3d vectors,light
sourced objects,glenz vectors,a spaceship,a kinda "Odyssey by Alcatraz" 
part where a space ship is moving in a background,just great!
And finally,an end-part with a piccy,a vertical text and a new module.
It's a really cool dentro coded by one guy!Felicitation Zaxx!
Surely one of the best Animal Mine Production !


THE VENTURA DEMO BY THE OVERLANDERS FROM THE UNION:
--------------------------------------------------
Well,they finally released it,after two years of late.It's a bit why this
is not as fantastic as it should be.Lotsa screens are very old,and even if
they were made by the best frenchies on st,they don't so look 
brainblasting (for the Overlanders I mean)nowadays.But don't worry,this 
is a demo worth to have anyway  ...
You have lotsa fullscreens,rasters,spectrum piccies,scrolls,a kinda 
cartoon in intro,a led scroller in reset,a cool loader,some great guest
screens(old too,except Pulsion's one),the best and the last screen ever 
done by Pulsion,some boards,the first assembly screen of Speedlight which
really looks like a pure shit compared to the last ones he made(Wait and
see fellows !!!),and many many other stuffs ...
You have to own it if you like demo,only becoz it's made by an Union 
member,but also becoz the screens are good.

NERDHOUSE,NUTHOUSE REVENGE BY SENTRY AND LOWLIFE:
------------------------------------------------
This demo comes from the Netherlands,it was made by Sentry,a crew,and a
graphist from Hotline:Lowlife(is that right???).
It's composed of 3 or 4 screens:
The intro,the main screen,the end screen,the reset screen.
During everything,a module is played,the main screen is a kinda techno 
screen,the intro is a cool text displayer with clean logos and gfx,the end
screen is a vertical text scrolling,and the reset is a picture(I don't
remember exactly but I think it's that ..).
By the way,before all you can admire a piccy too!
Good quality of code and graphics,but it's too small for a one disk 
product even if the tune should take lotsa room on the disk.

EXHAUST BY ACCS:
---------------
Shadebobs,dots ... and so on ... Conventional dentro.
Something funny,when you load it,it says:
"Sorry,only work on 1 MEG STE !!!"
And I have a 4 MEG STE !!

Other dentros out recently:First Step by Eternity ...


Bye,

  Thomas.

