EDITORIAL

                  T H E  E D I T O R I A L  P A R T           by Slimer...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rising from the dark underground of the D.B.A. H.Q., a new issue of THE 
magazine, driven by loud bashing beats to the top of the Atari scene.
 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello and welcome to what must be the second Christmas issue of the D.B.A.
magazine, number 7.
The first Christmas issue was number 2 for the people with a good memory.
Yes we are already producing magazine's for longer then a year now on the ST 
scene and not without any success !
You can read more about it futher on in this article, first some notes.....

What do we have to offer you this time then, 

* Joe Satriani gets a lot of attention in the CD review corner, you could
  call it a special.
* We have concert reports and loads of CD reviews( Metalheads take note ).
* There are also some massive reviews on disk magazine's and compilation
  disks which can be found in our review corner.
* Further more we got our first PD game reviews in the review and STE corners.
* Bilbo of Ripped Off sent us 32 PAGES(!) of SNES/FAMICON CHEATS, i bet it's
  in the console corner, don't you ?!
* Again we have a big amount of interviews with welknown and some less known
  people from the ST scene.
* The Falcon 040 will be released in 1993, read the Falcon corner for a full
  roundup of news we've heard and read in several paper mags.
* Loads of STOS code and coding hints !
* Cyberpunk did sent us some interesting food for the mind, you can find it
  in the mindfood corner !!
* Eeerhh there is also a new feature in this issue, it was mentioned in mag.
  number 6 but it wasn't ready at that time ( look around in the options ).
* Our regulars are also worth to check i would say..... 

I also would like to mention the newsflash corner because there were a view
changes on the scene recently.
Somewhere hidden in an article is also a special Christmas greeting list ! 
Alright as we about to enter a new year it should be the appropiate moment to 
look back on what we consider to be a very successful year for the D.B.A. !

                       Looking back on 1992

We have released 5 issue's of our magazine including the compilation issue.
Issue number 3 was the first one we released in 1992 and it was an improved
version of the old shell we used for the first two issue's.
The rasters were taken out and the magazine recieved some new options.

In the meantime our coders had already started with the development of a
totally new designd shell.
This shell was based on the old concept of the button-menu that Bonus our
main coder had created.
Magazine number 3 was only created to keep the people happy till our new
shell was actually ready to be used.

The D.B.A. magazine got it's real breakthrough after the release of the
famous issue 5, this was the issue that featured the new look.
It struck like lighting as many people reacted totally suprised when they
saw the new shell, we got many very positive reactions from all over Europe.

Then issue 4 popt up AFTER number 5 this caused a bit of confusion( and that
was exactly the idea, i won't tell who had the nerve to think this up ).
This issue had improved scrolling, taking the magazine further on the road
to glory ( hum ).

We recruted more and more article writers and that resulted in the making of
issue number 6, featuring 170 articles.
The funny thing is that we didn't recieve all the articles otherwise the
magazine would have featured almost 185 articles !
Like the other issue's this one had also something revolutionary like graphics
beside the actual text.
This concept was not completly new, it also featured in the Inc. Magazine's,
a old magazine made in Sweden(the editor is now known as Mr. Cool of D.B.A.).

All lot of our ideas got ripped, like the button-menu system that popt up in
the Delta Force magazine some time later.
Groups like the Untouchables are believed to be working on graphics in text
and also on an option to show different fonts ( so the rumours go ).
I can say that we lefted our marks on the future of the disk magazine's 

                       Looking forward to 1993

We are not far from entering 1993, this new year will bring us the Falcon 
and an United Europe without the borders.
Lets hope that this will promise to be the ingredients for a new and better
cooperation between all the ST/STE/TT and Falcon crews on the scene.

Creating good demo's and magazine's will get harder and harder because of
the new features of the Falcon 030.
The limits will get harder to reach and competition will be very tough.
We are very aware of the fact that we might loose our number one position
to a better magazine featuring better graphics and code then ours !
The new Falcon resolutions will make it harder to make good graphics and
it will also be difficult to make the best sound.

But we give it a shot anyway, i hope that you all keep supporting us as you
all did on the good old ST/STE/TT !

Now for something completly different,
Many people that fill out our mega interviewer questions are not answering
all the questions like they should.
Instead of answering the questions they make a advertisement campaign out
of the interview, if you want contacts just send in your contact article 
and we will place it in the mailbox !
Please if you do send us your interview, fill it out like it should be !

One more thing: We have another new member in the U.K. called Dizzy, he is
the manager of a P.D.L. that is a member of the Free PD & Shareware Society
in England.
He will help us out with articles and the Society will take care of the
spreading of the magazine.
Now for some final words,

Well, we hope that you enjoyed all the previous D.B.A. magazine's in this
year and that you keep enjoying our future productions.
That's it for this time and this year, Merry Christmas and a very good and
happy 1993 to the whole Atari scene !

                              See you all in 1993,

                  Slimer      
                  Bonus             
                  K.G.E.              
                  Vigo                  
                  Ecto 1              and the rest of the D.B.A.
                  M.S. Angel          magazine team from all over
                  Mr.Cool             the world !!
                  O.T.M.
                  Formactiv
                  Sonic
                  Thrud
                  Dizzy 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
