ABOUT DIZZY OF DBA

    About me (ego trip time) Dizzy
    ------------------------------

    Who am i ? where do i come from ? Why is the generation game still on
    british t.v. ? These are the informative questions i am going to answer.
    If you don't want to learn all about me then it's o.k., i won't get
    upset. O.K. so i will, but you really don't care do you ?

    Well i'm 24 years old (and getting older every day) and i've had an ST
    for around 3 years. My set up at present is a 1040 STFM, 1040 STE, 3
    printers, 1 second disk drive, a ATARI SC1224 MONITOR, a colour T.V.,
    hundreds of disk's and a cuddly toy (Bruce what you doing in my doc).

    I run a free p.d. library under the name of INCOME P.D. and i'm a
    member of the FREE P.D. & SHARWARE SOCIETY that's based here in England.
    This society is steadily going places and will become the biggest and
    best with any luck. We are currently working on expanding into the
    rest of europe and if your at all interested then read all about us
    in another doc contained in this mag (It is here is'nt it Slimer ?).

    I wrote to FORMAKTIV and enquired about possibly joining the DBA team.
    I had seen issue 6 and was most impressed (very very very impressed
    actually) and i wanted to take a more active part. FORMAKTIV wrote back
    to me a few day's later and said that he could see no reason why i
    could'nt join up.

    Slimer wrote to me and here i am. When i recieved his letter i was as
    over the moon as the cow and the spoon (i think it goes like that anyway).

    So what am i going to do for the mag then ? Well i'll be writing reviews
    on p.d. i recieve, popping in various articles i decide upon, and
    hopefully handing over p.d. to be included in the D.B.A. mags. I am
    also hoping to do various interviews with the less well known demo
    crews out there in demo land.

    Well that's me. You should have read some other more interesting doc but
    you did'nt so bad luck.

    I would just like to thank Slimer and the rest of the D.B.A. for letting
    me join. It's given some merit to all the long hours i spend taping
    away at the ST Keyboard. Oh and it keeps the wife of my case aswell.

    If you want to send me articles or the like (p.d. programs etc.) then
    i'll quite happily pass them on to the rest of the D.B.A. team for
    inclusion in the next issue. Come on U.K. writer's, don't let the side
    down, get writing and show your support.

    Oh yes, my address is :-

                               DIZZY,
                               1, DAGMAR ROAD,
                               CHATHAM,
                               KENT
                               ENGLAND.
                               ME4 5HA.
