TERMINATOR 2 GAME

TERMINATOR 2 OR JUST ANOTHER FILM SCREW GAME.

What screw game ???. Well what we had to expect from the movie
almost erverybody knew. A very good movie, big budget and very
much special effects. And when the film is that good you should 
expect a good game, but again like lots of other license stuff
it is the same sad story. The game Terminator 2 is as bad as it could
be if you ask me. They just collected some old routines from other
games (well it looks like it) made new graphix for it ( and they
are that good either) and put it all together. Then they made
soundeffects ( i could understand if you turned the volume down while
you playing this game) and that should be it......

Well sorry but you probably guessed that this game isn't good. There
are some different sub- games in it. You start in a 1 to 1 combat with
the new model terminator , the T1000. By shooting him or hit/kicking
him you should be able to defeat him. Then there are some other 
little games as a car chase game, a puzzle etc. The game play overall
is slow, very slow. But even with so much little games the whole thing
isn't worth the price they ask for it. I played the game in less then an hour
completly till the end, so your see it doesn't even last for long.

There are two other versions of the Terminator 2 game. One for the PC
version which looks much better. It's a 3d filles graphix game, with
lost of different views. Altough this one seems good, but it isn't cause
of the very difficult controls. It seems that every key on the keyboard
has a function, so before you even think of playing this game, study
the manual carefully or else you press the wrong button.
The other version is only available in the Arcade. This time they made
another Operation Wolf clone out of it. Here you start as in the film
in the future and shoot at any thing thats moves. So you see we all
have seen it before. It's a pitty that they make out of good movie's
suchs rotten computer games !!

So to Ocean, the guys that are responsable for these conversions, back
to the drawing board and come up with a worthwhile version of this
game. Until then Hasta la Vista baby...

                                             Bonus Software



