UNT MAGAZINE REVIEW

                    UNTOUCHABLES MAGAZINE 4 V.2 REVIEW,

Sometime ago i recieved the fourth issue of the Untouchables magazine.
I heard that the magazine wasen't to bad, so i tought lets check it out.
The magazine begins with a intro from Penguin of Animal Mine and after
you smash the spacebar you get a intro from the Untouchables.

Sofar so good, okay after the intro stuff a infoscreen popt up with some
text saying that the mag. is under license of Budgie UK. .
After hitting the spacebar for third time i finally get in the mainmenu
of the magazine.
This magazine looks a lot like Maggie of the Lost Boys, it uses pulldown
menu's and a background picture.

This isseu contains approx. 40/50 articles, which a lot of them are jokes
and editorial articles.
The textdisplayer doesen't scroll smoothly and you can't choose between 
different fonts or colors for the border or background.
I hope that the Untouchables will soon make another textdisplayer with some
better quality's.
All the articles in the magazine are of good quality( the jokes are good ).

There are a view other things, i would like to mention, it would be nice
to see some pictures or a option to choose between different musax's !!
I really miss those things in this issue, it's not my idea to slagg you
guys off, i always try to have a honest opinion.
If you have remarks or ideas for our magazine please let us know, coz' we
can learn from it !!

Final conclusion,

The Untouchables have made a good magazine with nice articles.
But with some modifications on the displayer and some extra functions it
could be a much better magazine then it is now.
On this moment are a lot of crews busy making there own magazine, i've
seen a view of them and i think that the Unt. mag. is one of the better ones.
I should say check it out........

                        Slimer of the D.B.A.

P.S. A short message to all the members of the Enterprise,
     I hope you guys recieved our questscreen for your megademo, we have
     send the screen to Ninja.


