EXTENDED BRAINWAVE


Extended Brain Wave Lab.

In the review we made we used the most common hardware device, The Mini
Lab version that has only a normal pair of glasses with 2 standaard LED's
in it. This model you connect to you standaard printer connector.
But there are already new and better models, so here is a short text
discribing the later models...
                      
S-VERSION HARDWARE

SLF3/EV MODEL
External interface which need to be powered by an adapter and allows 
to drive more Leds at a high brightness level. Two pairs of goggles
can be attached, each equiped with 3 Leds for each lens. At the inter-
face one can adjust the maximum brightness-range of the Leds from Soft
to Ultra-bright.
One can choose with which Led-colours the glasses must be equiped: 
Red, Yellow, Green or the so called combi (= 1 Red+1 yellow+1 Green).

Adapter: 9 Volts at 220 ma (a 300 ma adapter in 7.5 Volts position). 

SBL3/E5 TRI-COLOUR MODEL
Like the SLF3/EV module it has its own interface to feature a power-
full drive of the Leds. Per lens, there are 3 so called Tri-colour
Leds mounted to feature software controlled setting of the colour. 
The Tri-colour version uses the double Led-parameters-sets to set the 
Red and Green register of the Tri-colour leds. One looses the seperated 
control over the left and right 'eye' but gains the multi
colour control. With the Brightness controls one can set the colour 
registers.To obtain a yellow colour one have to set
both brightness values equal (red and green result in a yelow mixure of 
light).The adapter must be able to deliver 8 volts at 450 ma (a 1000 Ma 
adapter in the 6 Volt position suits).

The EV and the SBL3 model.The goggles are black and of a more luxure model
some wider and better shaped). The Led boards have a blue colour and note  
the option to move the Led boards within the frame of the goggles to obtain  
a optimized position of the Leds. The brightness of the Leds of
the Tri-colour version, only can be controlled by software (at the 
interface there is no extra brightness-range option).

CUSTOM APPLICATIONS
For professionals and institutes it can be an interesting option to
have special hardware designed to serve a specific purpose. 
Any application can be designed for you and also the software can be
changed in order to serve your specific application.
Private persons need to realize that special custom made designs are
a lot more expensive than those applications which are delivered 
standardly from stock.

MARC MARC ROZENGRACHT 178c 1016 NK AMSTERDAM THE NETHERLANDS Ph:6259847

                                                      Bonus Software...
