GOOD STUFF
~GOFOR_IT.BLK~










                        How to make good programs?
                        --------------------------

        On ST we saw only a couple  of  good demos. Not because of bad
coders or old-fashioned main-menus but because of lack of originality.
I don't mean that demo  is  bad  because  there  are no new ideas. New
ideas are hard  to  find  nowadays,  nearly  everything  has been done
before. What I mean is  that  groups  should use original graphics and
musics. Not old fonts ripped from XXX  or  an old Amiga module made by
xxx of XXX. How many times did I get bored with a couple of old Amiga-
modules playing in every demo!!!

        So, if your group doesn't  have  a  good artist, ask an artist
from another group to draw you  fonts,  logos etc. I'm sure that there
are plenty of available artists on  Falcon-scene. But seeing the fonts
used by The Carebears in the old  Union Demo scrolling years and years
after their release make you think that  is there really no artists on
the ST... It has been refreshing  to  see  that graphics on Falcon has
usually been original.

        It's the same thing about music. I know there are musicians on
Falcon. Why do I still hear  old Amiga-modules playing in otherwise so
good demos? Aren't the Falcon-composers good enough? No, I don't think
that is the problem. It  is  just  that  we  have  got so used to have
Amiga-modules that we can't think of anything else. But now it is time
to wake up!

        The last thing after graphics and music is something that must
be called design. Everything  must  work  well  together. It certainly
ain't nice if pictures just pop up to the screen. You must scroll them
to screen... or fade them... or  zoom  them... or something like that!
The difference is amazing. I think you  got the idea what I meant with
using word 'design'.

        All in all, I've been  very  pleased  to  see that products on
Falcon have got better and better all the  time. At the same time I am
also sad, because Atari didn't  have  enough  guts  (lack of cash?) to
push Falcon straight to  the  top  of  the  computing world. Hopefully
Falcon will still  be  widely  used  by  us Atari-fanatics. Everything
depends on us, the active Falcon-scene.  We  can make using Falcon 030
to be a lot of fun. Let's do it!

                        Yours,
                                 Sandman of Flash 1995





