{*f1
            3.5 K MEGADEMO
            --------------

{*f0            
group      : DIGITECH / U.K.
screens by : M. Bittner, BMT, Delta Force, OVR/Mcoder, J. Minter, TC, TVI, DD
system     : ST / STE, 512 KB RAM, TV / RGB-monitor
released   : January '96

Aaaaargl! At  a cool Internet-session with m.O.d. of .tSCC. last day I was very
astonished about this demo and so we leeched it from a FTP-server.
Now I'm sitting in  front of my  computer and looking with a tear in the eye to
the screen to some crazy scrollers and other old-fashioned stuff...
The screens in this demo were coded many years ago for the STNCC 3, the ST NEWS
CODING CONFERENCE 3 and never released before. All the screens aren't bigger as
3,5 KB and there are 8 pieces included. So the whole demo is only 80 KB big and
so the smallest megademo ever!
As always I will tell you something about the screens now...

The MainMenu - done by AGRAJAG of DIGITECH / U.K.

It features  the usual  raster-effex, a  big jumping  scroll-line, a  scrolling
background and  a blopping chip-music. You can chose the single screen with the
F-keys and you can read several informations about them before loading.
All in one this intro is ok, a bit old-fashioned but it does the job...

Xenon Screen - MICHAEL BITTNER / Germany

Hurgl! Here you have a complete shot'em'up! You  have a little fighter and must
fight against waves of enemies. In the  background you have a starfield and the
sprites are nice looking and colourfull. They shooting at you and you have also
some ship-sound-effex... A  nice thing! It's  the best  game in 3,5 K I've ever
seen so  far. You  can also forget  several attempts  on the Falcon to create a
little game kick in the ton in comparison to this little shot'em'up!
A cool screen, even if it's many years old...

3584 Screen - DYNAMIC DUO / U.K.

Hey! This screen is extreme old-fashioned. You don't hear a music or so but you
can see a  big-scroller, the  whole background  scrolls, you have a line-vector
and a little Dynamic Duo sprite on the screen... Not bad for 3,5 K. This screen
had won the second place in the 3,5 K-competition at the STNCC 3.

Boink Screen - CAPTAIN HEADCRASH of TOTAL VISION INC / Germany

Hou! Another little game! And it's better  as the one  of MICHAEL BITTNER! Here
you have a screen with rasters in  the background. You have to move with a very
little sprite around on the screen and must shot a ball which is jumping around
on the screen. If you will hit  him he will split up in two little balls and so
one... But you must  run to be not hit by the ball because you will die and the
game starts again. Besides this the game includes also a little chip-music...
Harf... the best screen in this demo up to now...

3D Flyer Screen - ZIGGY STARDUST of OVR and MCODER / France

This screen has  made the third  place in the  competition but unfortunately it
doesn't run on my 1040 STFM... Don't knwo why.

Gridrunner Screen - JEFF MINTER / USA

It's again  a game and like all the other games from this guy it is very crazy.
You have  to move a little  spaceship  with the  mouse on  the screen and fight
against different enemies. The sprites are shitty but colourfull. Unfortunately
the game  doesn't feature  any sound-effects (the  most funny things on Minter-
games...). Therefore  you have panel  with a point-counter  and the lives which
you have left. This screen is ok...

BitDist Screen - BLACK BYTE & FIX OF THE CONFEDERATION / Switzerland

Here you can  see a disting  scroller with a  starfield in the  background  and
even if it was mentioned in the MainMenu there is nothing more... Should be the
surprise the starfield? Don't know... This screen is a bit boring...

Archon Screen - DELTA FORCE / Germany

Youp. This should be another game and has won the first price in the compo. But
I can see only a DF-logo with a scrolling  background, nothing  more. It should
be a 2-player-game... Don't know...

Fullscreen - BLACK MONOLITH TEAM / Germany

Haargl! Yes, it's  a fullscreen  in 3,5 K on  the ST! You'll  see a BMT-logo in
different  colours on the screen and in  the middle  sinus-dots, but they don't
move here =) Anyway it's a great screen!

Yo, that's  all. Unfortunately  not all screens  running on my machine, but the
others give you  a good look to  the coding-skills of the guys which have coded
this screens. When I  remember to some  Falcon-4K-screens I  must laugh because
they're sometimes a bit shitty in comparison with this little thingies. Even if
this screens are  very old every  guy with a  ST at home  should get this demo,
because it shows the great skills of former scene-people.
Ok, the demo  doesn't  feature any  brainblasting  new effects, great design or
crazy  musics (except the nice  main-menu tune) but  all in one the screens are
very good and worth looking... If this demo would be released in 1990 (were the
party had take place) it has surely reached higher ratings as today... sorry.

{*f1
RATINGS

{*f0
coding      :  90 %
grafix      :  40 %
musix       :  50 %
design      :  20 %
originality :  60 %
--------------------
overall     :  52 %
====================

----------------------------------------------------------------Moondog of tnb-
