                                                                                {*f0
                         The Anal Invader (Part 1)
                                  By Al
                 ...in the continuing pursuit of the posterior...

The Anal Invader, constantly on the prow for a good piece of ass, wasn't a sick
bastard to  begin with.  But  like many great  super heroes he started off as a
normal  human  being  until  a traumatic  event in his life changed him into an
entirely different.
So this is the story of how your average, horny man: The Anal Invader. He was a
normal man  with a normal wife, living in a  normal house, sleeping in a normal
bed, having normal sex. Admittedly it was not as exciting as he thought married
life would be but it was safe, satisfying and comfortable.
One night  Mr. and Mrs. "X" (which  is how I will refer to them to preserve the
true identity of The Anal Invader) were having their weekly normal sex.
Mr. X was on top of Mrs. X in the  missionary  position, thrusting  his cock in
and out of  Mrs. X. Mrs. X was showing less than her usual amount of enthusiasm
which usually only consisted of light moaning and heavy breathing.
That night she laid there somewhat  motionless while  Mr. X mechanically pumped
her until he came inside her with a grunt and then collapsed on top of her.
Sex between Mr. and Mrs. X continued to get worse as time went on. Sex occurred
less often  with less excitement to where it became as monotonous as driving to
work. Soon Mr. X began noticing other changes in his marriage and in Mrs. X.
When  he  brought  up  the  problems  of  their  marriage  with Mrs. X in daily
conversation  she laughed it off and just said he was making it up in his mind.
On the  other hand, when he wanted to have sex she ignored him and made excuses
why they couldn't. This continued on and on until Mr. X thought he was going to
go crazy. He loved his wife very much but she was totally withdrawn  from their
marriage  and he  began  to  question  whether  their marriage  could last much
longer. Would Mrs. X be agreeable to a divorce? Could  they fix  their marriage 
through  counseling? Would  he have  to  spend  the rest  of his  life in a bad 
marriage? These were the questions Mr. X asked himself. Then something happened
that  determined  the destiny  of Mr. and Mrs. X's marriage.... Mr. X came home
early from work one day.
Mr. X had buried himself in his work since his  home-life had become  less than
satisfying. He  worked  long, hard  hours  and  was  quickly  climbing  up  the
corporate ladder, impressing many people as  he went. Immersed  in his work, he
was  unaware  what  was  going  on  at home when he wasn't there until his boss
called him into the office one particular afternoon. He was a bit nervous about
the  meeting because  he had  never  really met  with his  boss on a one to one
basis, bringing him to the  conclusion that  this meeting  concerned  something
other than the average day to  day problems at  the firm. His boss  invited him
into  the  office  with  politeness  and offered  him a seat and a drink. After
mixing  the drinks  and engaging  Mr. X  in some  small talk  he offered him an
administrative management position at a substantial salary increase.
After  graciously accepting the position, Mr. X's Boss suggested Mr. X take the
rest of the day off to celebrate.  Mr. X agreed and packed up his briefcase and
left  with a smile  on his face.  Mr. X thought that this was just the thing he
needed  to get his marriage back on track.  He would buy Mrs. X something nice,
take her on a vacation to a deserted beach, or maybe even buy the vacation home
that they had been talking about.
His mind  raced all the way home about what this new promotion would do for his
life, but his happy thoughts were turned to puzzled thoughts when he arrived at
home to find a strange truck parked outside his house.
He entered  the house, set  his briefcase  down, and  instead of announcing his
entrance  with a "I'm home!" like  he normally would do, he stood in the living
room  and listened  for a second. He  could faintly  hear the  sound of a man's
voice  coming from upstairs. Assuming  that it must be a repair man because the
upstairs  sink was leaking and  his wife had threatened to call a repair man if
he didn't fix  it, he climbed the stairs  expecting to  see a short, fat man in
grungy jeans underneath the sink in the bathroom with a monkey wrench.
Being  that the  bathroom  was at the top  of stairs he was soon aware that his
previous  hypothesis  was  incorrect.  At  this  point   he  became  even  more
dumbfounded  at the  deep, male  voice he heard echoing down the hall. Becoming 
suspicious  he edged down  the wall  of  the hallway  towards the exercise room
which  seemed  to be  where the  sounds were coming from. He stopped about four
feet from  the door and listened intently again to determine what was going on.
His mouth dropped open when he was able to make out the following conversation.

"Oh yes baby!  I want you to put it in my ass!"
"Are you sure?  Have you ever taken it in the ass before?"
 questioned the deep male voice.
"No baby, that's why I want you to do it to me." commanded Mrs. X.
"Maybe you  should try it with a dildo or something else smaller than I am. I'm
 afraid I'll hurt you honey." said the male voice with concern.
"No, ever since I first saw your big, fat cock I've wanted it in me. Now that I
 have had it in all my other holes I want you to shove it in my ass. I want you
 inside my body anywhere you can put your cock." begged Mrs. X.
"Since you've  never been reamed before I think your hole will be too tight for
 me to get me dick in it, sweetheart."
"I don't care! You're not leaving here until you shove your dick in my asshole,
 and stop  calling me  sweetheart! I'm  not a  China-doll for  christ sake, now
 stick that huge pole in my little, virgin asshole before I chop  your dick off
 and do it myself."

Mr. X couldn't believe that that was his wife's voice uttering  those words. He
then  remembered the  folding slat doors  that separated the exercise room from
the sewing  room and  turned to go back  down  the hall  to the sewing room. He
opened the door to the sewing room quietly and let himself in.  He made his way
to  thefolding  doors which were  closed. He  opened one  of the slats just far
enough until he could see his wife and  the stranger. His wife was on her hands
and knees on an exercise mat. Her knees were spread apart to create the maximum
entrance  to her  rear and  her ass  was  pointed  at the ceiling spreading her
buttocks apart  creating a perfect view of her taut, brownish-red bum-hole. She
was poised stiffly on the mat waiting impatiently like a female cat in heat.
Meanwhile  her  companion  was  standing  a  few  feet  away  holding a tube of
lubricant in one hand, while greasing his stiff organ with  the other. He was a
hulking 6'4" with defined muscles, good looks and dark hair.
Despite his  developed  muscles and  good looks, his most prominent feature was
hanging  semi-erect  between  his legs  like a  Polish sausage. His phallus was
easily  eight  inches  long  and  extremely  fat  which  made it look even more
menacing. A  wave of fear  swept over  Mr. X when  he realized the stranger was
going to try  and put it in his wife's tiny ass at her command. How could he do
it? Surely  he knew  he could hurt her yet he stood there confidently preparing
his cock  like a soldier  brandishing  his sword before a battle. Mr. X saw the
stranger  as  an  executioner  sharpening  his axe  before  the  execution. The
stranger held the fate of his wife in his hand but yet  his wife controlled her
own fate. Hopefully  she would come  to her  senses and spare herself the agony
the strangers cock held in store for her.
Mr. X didn't know what to do. Should he bust in and stop the whole thing before
it got  out of hand, or  should he  watch and  confirm within his own mind that
this  really was his  wife kneeling on the floor about to be had by another man
in a way  that he had never had her. Mostly it was his indecision that kept him
glued to the open slat watching his wife about to be ravaged by another man.
The  stranger was  finished greasing  his meat  and  took his  place on the mat
behind Mrs. X. His  huge apparatus was  almost fully erect know, with the large
swollen  head the  size of a  plum  within inches  of her tight  hole having an
opening only  a quarter of the  size of the bloated, purple head that was about
to force entry into her bowels.
The  stranger reached  around  with his  long  arms and  took  both of Mrs. X's
breasts  in his  large, gentle  hands like  ripe fruits hanging from a tree. He
massaged them lightly stopping occasionally to gently tug at her erect nipples.
She  moaned lightly, swaying  her ass  from  side  to side  as if to invite him
inside. He then took one hand and placed it between her legs like a quarterback
taking a snap and  began to  fondle her  bush while  still kneading  her supple
breasts  with his other  hand. He  rubbed her clitoris slowly at first and then
more vigorously as she grew moist. Her moaning was becoming more pronounced now
and her breasts began to heave with each breath she took.
Confusion  turned to anger in Mr. X's mind as he observed the wanton desire his
wife  showed  now, unlike  anytime  she  was  with  him. The  stranger  was now
alternating between rubbing Mrs. X's clit and sliding  a finger or two into her
soaking  wet pussy. She  would moan  deeply followed by short yelps whenever he
jabbed a finger into her love tunnel.
Mr. X  could see  that  the  stranger's  cock  was  know at  full size pointing
directly at it's  destination. Mr. X thought  surely she  would change her mind
about  allowing him  into her bottom  if she could see his evil viper with it's
endless, ruby-red  length bursting  with thick, pulsating, blue  veins  with an
oversized, bulbous, deep-violet head on one end and a  large, venom-filled sack
swaying  under the  impetus of  it's own soon  to be released abundance hanging
below the other end. His cock had become so long and straight that now whenever
Mrs. X  rocked backwards  the swollen  tip  poked  at her  luscious  ass cheeks
further  exciting both  of them. Finally in a fit of passion Mrs. X yelled back
at the man like a woman possessed, "Stop fucking around and ram that pole in my
ass before I go crazy!"
"Okay." he  replied sheepishly, "But  I'll just  stick it in a little at first,
and then you can tell me how it feels."
"Fuck you, you  wimp, ram that  thing all the way up my ass so I can feel it in
my belly.... NOWWWW!" she commanded him.
With  that Mrs. X moved  her knees apart even more and pointed her ass right up
at the face of the stranger. Mr. X had a clear view of his wife's round, supple
young ass  and could  see that she  was flexing the muscles in her ass, and her
tiny  little brown  hole by which nothing had ever entered her body was visibly
expanding and contracting as she flexed.
The man took his right hand that had been playing with her  bush and guided his
ass-torpedo  to where  the enormous head, which was now a deep shade of purple,
was  firmly  resting  against  her  anus  which  could no longer be seen, being
completely  blocked  out by  his tool. Then  after  readjusting  his posture he
placed both hands on her waist, holding her firmly in  position. Then  he began
to push...
Both Mr. X  and the  stranger were  correct in  their assumptions that the huge
cock  would not be able  to penetrate  such a small orifice. The stranger tried
again  and again  to  penetrate  the  obstinate  portal  to her  depths but his
attempts were unsuccessful.
To Mr. X it  appeared that  trying to  penetrate  such a small, tight hole with
such an oversized object was like trying to stick a lead pipe in a key hole.
"I can't  get it in  there, there's  no way we can do this honey." said the man
apologetically.
"Your  not pushing hard  enough dammit! This time I'll relax my asshole as much
as a can and when I say push, you better shove it in as hard as you can. I want
to have the full feeling of your cock in my ass and your balls bouncing against
my pussy."
Again  Mr. X watched as the stranger grabbed his meat pipe, glistening with the
thick coat of lubrication, and placed it against the opening of Mrs. X's nether
hole. Again  the man's huge phallic head completely blocked out the constricted
opening and the darker skin that surrounded it like the moon blocks out the sun
during an eclipse. The man could feel the asshole puckering against his mammoth
explorer.
"Okay, get ready to shove that thing in!"  exclaimed Mrs. X. Once again the man
placed his hands on her waist, sinking his fingers into her plush naked skin to
hold her firmly in position to receive his mass of hard, vigorous flesh. At the
moment  Mr. X's  wife  yelled  "PUSH!"  he  clenched  his  fists,  digging  his
fingernails into his palms at the thought of his wife exploding  from the force
of the stranger's huge extension plunging into her core. He  watched as the man
lurched forward at the same time pulling Mrs. X towards  him with  his powerful
arms. He  watched  from  his  perfect  vantage  point  as the long, meaty shaft
strained against the anus pushing it inward but not penetrating it.
"PUSH you  goddamn motherfucker!!!" yelled  Mrs. X at her struggling companion.
Mr. X could  see the  man's fingers  sink further  into the  wife's sides as he
pulled  himself into  her with  all his strength. Then at once the asshole gave
way, expanding  rapidly  to accept  the head which quickly disappeared into the
wife. As  the head  was swallowed up  by her body  she let out a loud grunt and
then a shrill scream which startled her partner who then paused, everything but
the tip of  his shaft still  outside of her body. She again prompted him with a
breathy, grunted exclamation, "Shove it in me!"
Mr. X watched as the remainder of the man's love tool disappeared into his wife
like  a length of  conduit  being driven  into the ground. His wife slammed her
hands against the mat, puncturing the plastic with her fingernails as she raked
them across  the mat, all the time screaming out profanity from deep inside her
chest. The man  began to increase the speed of his attacks against her insides.
Mr. X knew  that somewhere  deep inside  his wife the eye of this man's phallus
was seeing something his cock had never seen.
Looking  at  his  wife's  bum  he  could  see  that  her  orifice was seriously
constricting the man's swollen meat to the point where he seemed to be in pain,
whereas she seemed to be in a state of intense pleasure. The once  soft, tender
rear-end with the little brown hole that Mr. X once knew, was now a devourer of
cocks, drawing  them near, teasing  them, allowing  entrance  and then trapping
them, constricting them and sucking the life out of them.
His  wife was  now a  parasite of  sorts. She gave  entrance  to a man's  life-
producer  to her bowels where she then sucked the life out of him. Mr. X's wife
was  now moving her  rear to accept  the thrusts  of her lover. He pounded away
sliding his meat in and out while his heavy balls  pounded against  the opening
of her love nest.
With a  spiteful look  on her face Mrs. X squeezed her butt-cheeks, contracting
her asshole and her man cried out in pain, "Oh shit! I'm gonna cum!"
Mr. X looked  on as the  stranger  quickly withdrew his used meat from Mrs. X's
constricting bowels. The stranger let loose with his load, spilling rivulets of
hot, white cum  onto her  ass whereupon it  flowed down between her butt-crack,
over her brown hole and then down into her bush where it collected in the hairs
or dripped onto  the mat. The  stranger fell back onto the floor as his phallus
transformed  into nothing so mighty as what it had been before it had made it's
anal  journey. Mrs. X  turned over  and sat up breathing a sigh of relief. Then
she threw her head back and let out a laugh, celebrating her victory.
Mr. X could  take no  more, turned and  left the room, went down the stairs and
left the house forever.
Mr. X checked  into a hotel for the night and tossed and turned with bad dreams
of his  wife's rear  being assaulted. He  awoke constantly  from visions of his
wife screaming in  pain as her tender bottom opening is reamed by various over-
sized, phallic devices.
In one particularly intense dream he saw his wife in a locker room, on her back
on an examining table. Two athletic men held her down with her legs pulled back
towards  her  head while  another  man shoved  a baseball  bat in  her asshole.
Finally  Mr. X awoke  for the  last time as  the sun began  to peek through the
window and he decided to go to work.
Arriving at  work early he  began moving his things to his new executive sweet.
He was almost done when his co-workers began trickling in. As  he settled  into
his executive chair to arrange his knew desk a lovely, young  woman walked into
his  office  and  announced  herself  as  his  new  secretary. She  was a great
improvement over the  tottering  old woman  who was his  secretary at  his  old
position. She  wore a sharp  business suit with a silk blouse that clung to her
shapely, pert breasts and a well-fitting skirt that revealed the shapeliness of
her hips. Her  light-colored stockings  accented her perfectly shaped, slightly
muscular legs. When she spoke her voice was kind and gentle.
After  the standard  formalities  and a few minutes  of small talk, Sarah asked
Mr. X if he would like to go  to lunch so  they could  get to  know each  other
better. Mr. X  not being  in the sociable mood  tried to  decline her offer but
after  some encouragement from  her sweet, enticing  voice  he gave  in to  her
suggestion. Sarah left the room with a smile and Mr. X watched her lovely rear-
end in  the tight skirt  and imagined what it would be like to bury his cock in
her ass. After she disappeared he was surprised by the thought he had had about
fucking her  ass because he  had never considered  having anal sex with a woman
before. He shrugged off the thought and went back to his work.
Sarah  came into the  office around noon and told Mr. X it was time for them to
go to lunch. After some prodding she pulled him away from what he was doing and
they went to a small cafe down the street where  they took a cozy  table in the
corner.
Mr. X was  overcome by  the friendly sensitivity of this happy  young woman. He
became entranced by her and their conversation became more and more personal.
He discovered  that she  was single  and really  wasn't  looking  for a serious
relationship and that her career was important to her. She liked  being outside
and  going hiking or  cycling  and she  liked  to  workout  regularly  which he
gathered by what he could see of her body. Sensing he was troubled by something
she asked him more about his personal life and feeling totally secure with this
young woman he had only just met, he had no trouble talking about his marriage.
He talked about their floundering sex life and their poor relationship.
Eventually  he told  her that he  had just caught his wife with another man and
that he had left the house with no intentions of going back. Sarah consoled him
with  deep concern  in her eyes. She  asked him  how he felt seeing his wife in
another  man's arms. He  told her at  first he was surprised, then scared, then
angry and eventually numb. He told Sarah  that he didn't  know if he could ever
have a  serious, sexual  relationship with  a woman again. When Sarah asked him
why, he  told her  how his  wife appeared  totally  sexually different with the
other man than she ever did with him and that he felt sexually inferior now.
She continued  to console  him and  reassure him  that he would get past it and
that he would be back in the saddle in no time. As she continued  to soothe his
pride  he felt her  place her  gentle hand  on his knee. He could feel his cock
grow erect  as she gazed  into his eyes  with caring and love he had never felt
from a  woman. She knew exactly what to say and exactly how to react to what he
said. She continued to caress his knee with her warm hand and his  tool was now
long  and  hard, straining  to escape  his  briefs. Eventually  they  left  and
returned to work. Before Mr. X returned to his office he  thanked Sarah for her
concern and explained to her that he felt better after talking to her  and that
he looked forward to having her as his secretary.
Mr. X had trouble getting Sarah out of his mind for the first few hours  of the
afternoon. He thought more and more about how he wanted to cum deep in her ass,
thoughts  he had never entertained  before. Eventually though his thoughts went
back to his wife being reamed by the stranger and the failures of his marriage.
Sarah came  in occasionally  to get files  or documents to be typed and noticed
her bosses declining  spirits. She  tried reassuring him but her caring remarks
seemed  to have less of  an affect on  him than at lunch. Finally Sarah entered
the office  to tell her boss  she was going  home and found him with his elbows
propped on the  desk with his face buried in his hands. Startled, he  looked up
with surprise and Sarah could tell  that he was really distressed. She told him
she was leaving  and to cheer  up. She left  with her smile and closed the door
behind her. Mr. X was really depressed now. He was all alone in the dark, empty
office.
Mr. X, deciding  he didn't want  to go back to the hotel just yet, went back to
the his  work, trying  to block out  the thoughts  that constantly haunted him.
Then he heard  the door knob  turn and the door swung open slowly. There in the
doorway  was a silhouette  of gorgeous  female body. Mr. X was  stunned and sat
silently in his  chair trying to  figure out what his weary  eyes were actually
seeing. Then  the figure  stepped into  the light  and he realized it was Sarah
wearing  just a white lace bra and pink cotton panties, with her long dark hair
let down over her shoulders. She walked slowly and seductively to his desk.
Mr. X still  stunned by  what he  thought  he was  seeing didn't say a word but
watched  with growing  interest in  what was  happening. Sarah reached his desk
which was  still fairly empty  and removed  the few piles of papers he had been
working on and place them in a chair. She then returned to the desk and climbed
on top, facing  her boss. She  reached behind  her back  and unsnapped her bra,
removed  it and threw  it aside. Mr. X was now looking straight into her lovely
young  breasts. They were  small, taut, milky-white  breasts  with  little rosy
colored  nipples that  were  starting to  grow and stiffen having been released
from there  confines. Sarah swayed from  side to side  dangling her  breasts in
front of her boss trying to lure him to her.
"I want  you to  do whatever  you want  to me." she  said lustily with the same
caring smile she had at lunch.
"I will  do anything you want me to do. I'm all yours now and I'm here to serve
your needs. What would you like?" she prompted him.
Still unsure  of what was  going on, Mr. X remained motionless and silent where
he sat. Sarah  pulled his head  towards  her and  leaned  forward  brushing her
breasts against his face. 
"Come  on honey, let go of your sad thoughts. I'm here now and I'm here to make
you happy. You  can do whatever you want to me and I'll fulfill all your needs.
What  would you like?" she  said as  she ran  her fingers  through his hair and
pressed  her firm  breasts against  his  face. Attempting to  see if  what  was
happening was  actually  happening or  just a  dream Mr. X  took one of Sarah's
erect nipples between his lips and when she stopped swaying and leaned  forward
more  he  took  in  the  tender  flesh  of  her  breast  and sucked it stopping
occasionally  to nibble  her  nipple. He  stopped his feeding at her breast and
looked at her like a hurt puppy.
"Can I put it  in your  rear-end?" he  asked  sheepishly  expecting a  negative
response.
"Whatever  you want  honey. Would you  like to put your cock in my tight little
ass?" she said encouragingly.
"Yes, I would like that a lot." said Mr. X with a little confidence.
Suddenly  he realized  where he was, who  he was with and what was going on. He
wanted her ass badly which was strange since this was a feeling  new to him but
his cock was hard and his balls ached to pump his thick seed  into her bum-hole
so that was what he had to do. Sarah had turned  around on the desk and she was
now on her hands and knees with her rear-end facing her boss.
Mr. X stood up and dropped his pants  and pulled his  briefs down to his ankles
exposing  his long, hard  love pistol. He  stared briefly  at the small, round,
white ass  covered in part by the pink cotton panties that were slightly wedged
between Sarah's luscious  ass-cheeks. He pulled the panties away  from her warm
pussy and began to finger her clit. Sarah moaned lightly while  he continued to
tickle her clit and then slid a finger into her wet hole. Feeling like his cock
would explode  if he didn't take  her soon he stopped fingering her, pulled the
pink panties over her waist, out of her ass-crack and down to her knees. With a
little  assistance from  Sarah he pulled them the rest of the way off and threw
them to  the floor. She separated her knees and moved back a little  more where
he  could take  full advantage of  her nether hole. First he slid his throbbing
meat  into her cunt to provide some lubrication for his rear-entry. She let out
a moan  as he buried  his cock into her love tunnel up to his balls. He kept it
there a moment and then slowly withdrew it bringing some more sighs of pleasure
from Sarah. The head of his cock  had grown even larger after it's journey into
Sarah's hot hole. He placed the swollen head at the entrance of her asshole and
situated himself for the entry. He grabbed  his shaft and began to push it into
her small, brown hole.
It went in  slowly at first bringing a series of grunts  from Sarah and then it
slid in  the rest of  the way. Mr. X was amazed at the tightness he felt inside
Sarah's  rear. The  constriction  was so great  he could  feel the pulse of the
blood pumping through his meat. He then began moving his cock slowly in and out
of Sarah's tight hole. He became so engrossed in the  pleasure, his  stiff tool
came all the way out and he had to stuff it back in causing a small scream from
Sarah. He  continued to  pound away at  her ass, his phallus moving deep inside
her bowels  while his  balls swayed  back and  forth  occasionally smacking her
bush. Sarah  moved with  him  all the  time while  her moans  became longer and
louder  and she tossed her head back and yelled  when one  of his thrusts  went
particularly deep and hard.
Being his first  experience at anal sex, the tightness was to much for Mr. X to
take for long and after a couple of minutes of reaming Sarah's hole he felt his
balls  begin to  pulsate. At  this  point he  rammed his  cock all the way into
Sarah's  insides and held  on to her waist for dear life. Knowing he was at his
end, Sarah met his final thrust, clenched her teeth, tightened  every muscle in
her  body and  threw back her head in one final scream. Mr. X's balls let loose
and a stream of hot, white love juice began squirting out of his love pump deep
inside  Sarah. His  pumping  tool  soon  subsided  with  it's  emissions and he
withdrew it slowly from the tight space it had occupied leaving Sarah's little,
brown hole sore and full of his hot, living seed, some of which was oozing from
the  ravaged  orifice like  tears  from an  eye. Mr. X held Sarah tightly for a
while before leaving to go back to his hotel, a new man.
Mr. X recovered  from his marriage  just as Sarah had promised him and became a
totally  different man, especially when  it comes to sex. Something inside him,
possibly caused from the psychological effects  of watching his wife get fucked
in the ass by a big dick, causes Mr. X to have a constant and  unfulfilled need
for anal sex.
Although he continues from time to time to fuck his secretary Sarah in the ass,
he is  constantly on the prow for some good butt-fucking wherever, whenever and
from whomever he can get it. Therefore, from this point onward I shall refer to
Mr. X as.....The Anal Invader.  (to be continued...)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
