                                                                                {*f0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            My Aunt, My Mom, and Me.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This fantasy differs from the others, because it involves my Aunt. She is about
8 years younger than Mom, a little shorter and dumpier, but with great breasts.
In this fantasy, Mom is gone for the  weekend, and Aunt Heather  is staying  to
watch over my brother and  me. I am about  15 at the time, and my brother, Tom,
is 17.

I get  home from  school  Friday afternoon, and  Aunt Heather has just arrived,
going over last minute instructions with Mom. Tom has been there and left to go
to football practice. Mom says her goodbyes to Aunt  Heather and me, gives me a
soft kiss on the cheek and exits.

Aunt Heather  is wearing  her  soft brown  hair down  past her  shoulders, soft
makeup  that accents  her brown  eyes, lightly pink  skin and full lips. She is
wearing a  blouse that  has  a few  buttons open, the  creamy, off-white of the
material blending with her pale cleavage. I'm guessing  that she had  on just a
plain  white bra, since  she wasn't  sagging, but  no colors showed through the
top, although  I've  seen  her leaving  her bathroom, pulling  her shirt over a
black, push-up bra - I had fantasies over that for months.

Aunt  Heather's blouse  hung down  and was  tucked  into her knee-length  white
skirt, a  slip on  the side  showing  just a teasing  glimpse of the top of her
stockings. She  was wearing  white  flats, and  her legs  were  enveloped  with
charcoal-gray stockings. The must have been only thigh-highs, since the thicker
material of the tops glimpsed out.

I tried  not to stare as I  looked at her, but she caught my eye travelling her
body, did  a little  twist (the  skirt flew  up just enough  in back to catch a
glimpse of white panties), and asked if I liked her new outfit.

"It makes you look like a girl in my class I'd like to date," I complimented.
"You would never date an old woman like your Aunt," she teased back.
I just blushed a little and went into the living room.

My bedroom  was too small for anything but sleep, so I often did my homework on
the living room coffee table. I'd sit on the floor, back against the sofa, legs
in  front. Aunt  Heather sat down with her beautiful leg inches from my arm. We
talked about my school work for awhile, then she flipped on  the TV. I quickly,
and half-heartedly, finished my homework, and started to zone out on the tube.

"Hon?" Aunt Heather asked.
"Yeah?"
"You remember how you used to give me neck-rubs all the time?"
"Yeah," I replied. At  age thirteen, I'd  always try to rub my Aunt's or Mom's
neck, trying  to get them relaxed  enough to lean back and show some cleavage.
It didn't work much for that, but they  both loved the rubs and often asked me
for more.
"Do you  think you  can  rub my  feet  the same  way? They're pretty sore from
standing all day."
"Anything for you," I jokingly  replied, and  twisted a  little to get  better
access to her feet.

As I turned, I  flicked my eyes  upward and couldn't see a thing. Aunt Heather
was leaning  back on  the couch, trying  to relax, but  her knees were resting
together. Not even a teasing glimpse into heaven.

I slipped  off her  left  shoe, and as  I took her foot gently into my hand, I
examined  it a little. Her toes were small, but neatly formed. No overlapping,
runt  toes, or  anything  like that. The  nails were  painted a warm pink, and
trying  not to be  obvious, I  checked for smell... nothing worse than rubbing
stinky feet. Hers had no smell at all.

I held her  foot in my  hands, enjoying the feeling to the stocking against my
palms, and slowly  started  kneading the  sole of her  foot. I drew my fingers
across the bottoms, starting at the heel, and ending up  gently pulling on her
toes. I  pressed  harder  around  the  ball  of  her  toes,  focusing  all  my
concentration on that foot.  I must have spent about ten minutes exploring her
left foot, pressing my fingers between her toes, luxuriating on the texture of
her stockings, exercising years of sexual fantasies upon that one foot. When I
was finished with that foot, I started to reach for the other.

As I took her right foot, I glanced up, and smiled. Aunt  Heather  had  relaxed
her knees, just slightly, but enough to see past the stocking tops  on just the
barest patch of white covering the new focus of my lust. I, to this  day, don't
know if she knew I was looking up, but  just then  she reached down to  scratch
her  leg, hiking  her dress up a  little more. I  could see the  strip  of skin
between  the tops  of her  stocking and  the legs of  her panties. I wanted put
caress  that skin with  my cheek, to run my  tongue across her  crotch....to do
many things.
"MMmmm, please don't stop, hon.  My foot's getting jealous."
"Sorry, Aunt Heather, I was just, ummmm, warming my hands."

I wanted  to say that  I was  trying to keep  from cumming  in my  pants, but I
thought that might put her off...just a little.

I took even more time with her right foot. I ran the palms of my hands all over
it, rubbing  and pressing  the soles. I pulled  on her toes, pretending that my
mouth  was sucking  them, used my  fingers as  my tongue, tasting the soles and
heels, licking  around the  ankle bone. I guess  Aunt Heather and I were on the
same  frequency, because the  more vividly I'd picture what I wanted to do, the
more she responded with sighs and moans.

I glanced  up again and just  about coughed. Her legs were carelessly open, not
like  she was  showing off, but  more that  she wasn't  even  aware I could see
straight up. And, if  my eyes  weren't lying, I could see  a small damp spot on
the  crotch of  her lovely white, silky-looking  panties. My  cock jerked in my
pants, and  I had to  look away and start counting food stains in the carpet to
keep from blowing my wad right there.

I took a chance, and moved from her foot to her leg. I mumbled  something about
tension from her foot being in her leg, or something like that... all the blood
had gone south, so I may have just said gibberish.

Aunt Heather  stretched out her leg a little, and I ran my hand up her calf. By
this time, I think she knew what was going on, but didn't say  anything. I used
my hands  to make  love to  her legs, I  rubbed my arms, hands, and fingers all
over them... from the  knee down. I didn't  dare go any  higher... at least not
yet. As I worked from one leg to the other, I always made sure the one I wasn't
massaging was resting on my leg, my arm, or somehow touching me.

Aunt  Heather's breathing  grew quicker, and since I had control of her legs, I
spread them wider. I could see a definite wet spot, and it was growing. I could
not help  myself any  longer. I  turned to  face her, still  on the  floor, and
pushed one of her legs up so that her foot was face level, and her panties were
right there.

I started rubbing  my face on her feet, pressing her  sole into my cheeks. Aunt
Heather  caught on  right away and  brought her other foot up, and soon she was
rubbing my  face with  her stockinged  feet. She was moaning  out loud, and her
knees  were wide  apart. I stuck  the toes of  her left foot into  my mouth and
started  sucking. Soon, I was  mouthing as much  of her foot as  I could. I was
going nuts over them. I licked every inch of skin, sucked, nibbled, and pressed
my face all over them. I  felt myself  starting to cum, and there was no way to
stop it.

I must  have grunted  or something, because  Aunt Heather  started to grind and
moan more, telling me not to hold back, to just let go.
"I...I...oh...I...," was  all I could get out  when my body spasmed, and I came
all hot  and wet  inside my jeans. Aunt Heather  must have  cum, too. Her  legs
started shaking, and  then she  pressed her  knees together and started rubbing
her legs together.

I was just  about to say something when we both heard my brother Tom's bike hit
the side of the house. Aunt Heather quickly pulled the Afghan up over her waist
- her legs from  the kneed down had suspicious wet marks just about the size of
my mouth. I plopped a textbook over my lap to hide my wetspot. Just as the door
opened, I  remembered to take  the TV off mute, and  for the first time noticed
that we were watching Jerry Springer.

"Did Mom tell you that I was going to a sleep-over tonight," asked Tom.

I knew that  she didn't, and  he was trying to pull one over on Aunt Heather. I
have seen him use that one on many other sitters, and he usually had some great
excuses to back himself up.
"She sure did," Aunt Heather replied. "She said to make sure that you were home
to noon tomorrow."

Tom just  stood  there a  second, he  knew full well  that Mom didn't tell Aunt
Heather anything, but not one to pass up an opportunity, he grinned and started
off to his room to pack his overnight stuff.

I felt a foot caress my neck, and looked up. Aunt Heather grinned back at me.
"I think we'll be better off alone tonight anyway."

The ten minutes it took Tom to get ready and leave were the longest years of my
life. I  gave him  to the  count  of 100  after he left  to return for anything
forgotten, and  when I got  to 100, I  turned and  pulled  the cover  from Aunt
Heather.

I knew  exactly  what I  wanted. I  grabbed the back  of her knees, pulled, and
spread. In  a moment I was face-to-face with  her panty-covered  crotch. I  had
never eaten a women out before, but I just went on instinct and dived in.

I started  by pressing  my face  hard into  my Aunt's  crotch. I could feel the
warmth and wet spot on my chin. I pulled her legs closed around  me, enveloping
my head  between her  thighs. I couldn't breath, but I didn't care. I felt Aunt
Heather grinding  into me, and  my chin was getting wetter and wetter. I pulled
back to breath, and I was met with a dark, pungent aroma... I liked it.

I started  lapping  at Auntie's  crotch, the  silky material  on the  sides was
replaced with cotton in the middle. The roughness  against my tongue felt great
as I  added to the moisture there. I  pressed my tongue into  the center to the
crotch, and the panties slipped a little inside  Aunt Heather. Hairs started to
tickle my chin. I reached up and pulled the crotch-piece to the side and buried
my face into my Aunt's pussy. She  was so wet  that my chin just  about slipped
into her. I stuck my tongue inside and tasted her flood. I still  don't know if
she  tasted good  or not, all I  remember was  the feeling of warmth filling my
mouth, and a new taste crossing my tongue.

I kept  my tongue out and  started waggling my head around. I was almost like a
dog, just  lapping and  wiggling, smearing  my entire  face with Aunt Heather's
juices. I remember  having my nose buried  in her at one point, while my tongue
slipped around her lower hole.

She didn't  seem to try and  stop me from liking out her asshole, so I stuck my
tongue in there, so into the sex that I didn't even wonder if she were clean. I
licked  the ridge  between her  pussy and  asshole, massaging  my hands  on her
thighs. If I could have stuck my head inside her, I would have.

I released  her thighs and  quickly tried to undress. I was able to unbutton my
pants, but I  couldn't seem to  get them off. I  broke away just long enough to
look down and see my shoes still on. I paused to  remove them and  my pants. My
cock was hard again, sticking straight out.

I tried to return to Aunt Heather, but her hands had replaced me. She had three
fingers  in her pussy, that  thumb pressing  what I guessed was her clit, and a
finger from her other hand in her asshole. I moved my face in with her fingers,
and she guided my lips to her clit. I felt the hardened skin and pulled it into
my mouth. I sucked it in and out, judging from her moans what felt best.

Meanwhile, Aunt Heather  had my cock  between her calves and was thrusting them
around it. I started to help, sucking her clit and humping her  legs. Again, it
was  too much  for me  to take. Aunt  Heather realized  what my  sudden jerking
meant, and grabbed my shoulder and lifted me.

I stood before her, trying to keep my balance as my cum spurted out. Most of it
just stained her blouse, but landed on her throat. Aunt Heather  took that with
her fingers, scooped it up and massaged it into her pussy. All of a sudden, she
jerked again, spasmed a few times, the lie back.

I slipped next to her on the couch and rested, also.

We drifted  softly into  sleep, and  were  startled  awake  by the  front  door
slamming. Too  late we realized that  Tom would be able to see everything - the
afghan was across the floor.

We both  looked up  sheepishly, and  standing there in front of us was Mom. She
looked down, her face getting redder and redder at the sight. And what  a sight
we must have been.

I was sitting  back, bare from the waist down, cock glistening a little from my
cum, and  my jeans  in a  heap, but  with  the wetstain  clearly  showing. Aunt
Heather  had her  skirt hiked  all the  way up, the  crotch of her panties were
torn, and  some of my licking  had left wet spots that hadn't dried yet. To top
it off, Auntie's blouse was speckled with cum stains, and a large glob had slid
from her cleavage down the front of her shirt.

"Well, Sis, there  are two things  you can do," Aunt Heather said looking up at
Mom. "You can kill us or join us."
"What?!" Mom and I both replied.
"You know, I  still haven't  told your son about the times we 'played,' or when
we double-teamed the coach's son."
"But, but that was years ago," Mom replied, starting to back away.
"And you  don't  think  your  son  deserves  the  same treatment?" Aunt Heather
replied.

I just sat there dazed. I never expected this. Just the thought of Aunt Heather
again, much  less just  Mom, or  even the  two of  them  together, had  my cock
recovering.  It slowly started jerking and growing while they were fighting.

"What about Tom, what if he walks in?" Mom asked.
"Tom is a  putz. He went  to his buddies to spend the night and jerk each other
off."
"And you let him?"
"Sure, this one was trying to seduce me, and who am I to ever resist.?"
"That's for  certain," Mom  replied, but  her voice trailed  off as she finally
glanced at my growing cock.

As I  saw her  eyes focus on me, and  realized  what she was looking at, I grew
even harder.
"That's  right," Aunt  Heather said, slowly  rising, "Look  at that. Never been
touched. I didn't even get a chance to taste it."
By this time, Aunt  Heather was standing next to Mom and was slowly leading her
forward.
"Looks good, doesn't it. How long has it been since you tasted teenage cock?"

"He did grow nicely, didn't he?" Mom asked, slightly dazed.
"Why not  ask him  if he wants you to join," Aunt Heather said, winking over to
me.
"Ummm, uhh, yeah," was the most intelligent thing I could say.
"You know, he is a great pussy licker, aren't you?" Auntie said to me.

By this  time, she had  led Mom right  in front of  me, and was standing behind
her.

Aunt Heather was still mostly dressed as before. Mom  was wearing a  full dress
that went from her shoulders to her ankles. She had on flats and no stockings.

Aunt Heather  stood behind Mom, holding her by the shoulders. I could tell that
she was  grinding her  hips into Mom's  back, both  were getting  flushed. Aunt
Heather slowly knelt down, slid her hands down Mom's sides, over her  hips, and
down the sides of her legs. She hooked the hem of the dress over her thumbs and
sensually  started back  up. I could  see the palms of my Aunt's hands pressing
into my Mom's legs as she slowly drew the dress up, higher and higher.

Aunt Heather  stopped at ass  level and  was massaging  Mom's butt, pulling the
dress back, exposing Mom's pink, silk panty covered bush.

"Why not  give your  Mom an example?" Aunt  Heather asked, pressing  Mom's hips
forward with her own.

I knew that I would never had a chance like this again. I grasped Mom's panties
and tugged them down. I reached between her thighs and pulled my face into her.
For some  reason, maybe because it had only been a couple of hours since I last
came, I went  much slower. Mom stood there, braced by Aunt Heather, as I slowly
explored  Mom's pussy. I  ran my tongue  lightly around the outer lips, feeling
the enlarge and grow moist. I teased her, running my  tongue around  and around
the outer  lips, the suddenly  stabbed my  tongue into her. She gasped, but the
sound  was muffled. I  pulled  back to  look up  and saw that  Aunt Heather had
slipped  the rest  of the dress  of Mom and  had  her hands  inside Mom's  bra,
massaging  her breasts. The  reason her voice was muffled was that their mouths
were locked together in a passionate kiss.

No way  I could hold back now. I knew I was about to come, but I also knew that
there was only one place I could cum. If I  ever wanted to continue this in the
future, I had to cum inside Mom.

I grabbed Mom's hips and twisted. She lost her balance and flopped to the sofa.
Aunt  Heather managed  to keep  standing, and  removed her  top while I slid up
Mom's  legs. I thrust a  few times, trying  to find  the hole, Mom quivering. I
felt a hand squeeze my cock painfully hard. I look over at Aunt Heather.
"Not just yet," she said and pushed my hips over.

I moved over  to the side and  buried my face in Mom's breast. I knew something
was going on below, but I was engrossed in the forbidden lush breasts of Mom. I
sucked  the nipples  hard, licked  the  valley  between  them, all  the  while,
Auntie's  firm grasp  on my  cock kept  me  from  cumming. An  eternity later I
temporarily  had my  fill of  Mom's breasts. I  looked down to see Aunt Heather
licking  Mom's  pussy. Feeling  me  stop  mauling Mom's  breasts, Aunt  Heather
scooched  over and pulled  me back on Mom. Her grasp lessened and I felt myself
guided into a warm heaven.

I was doing it, I  was fucking my  own Mom... and my aunt. I started thrusting,
telling Mom I was about to cum, and I was going to cum inside her. Mom  started
spasming  on the couch, moaning and pulling my ass tightly to her. I started to
suck  a nipple, when  things were  crowded  for a  moment. I realized that Aunt
Heather  had pressed her  breast to  Mom's. I  stretched my mouth and took both
their nipples together. It was too much.

My cock  jerked hard and  I shot into  my mother. It  was a small load, but Mom
could  sense me  cumming and  came herself. She more than came, she let go. Mom
moaned  and whimpered, and I felt a gush of warm wetness run down my leg. Mom's
bladder had let go. She was  still shaking as  Auntie pulled me off and started
sucking  Mom's pussy. I  wanted to do  something, but  there was  now way I was
getting hard  again. I climbed behind Aunt Heather and spread her cheeks. While
she was  sucking my cum  and Mom's piss, I was  tongue around  her hole and the
bottom of  her pussy. I  rolled over  and pulled her  hips down onto my face. I
buried myself in her pussy and soon felt her flood my mouth with her cum.

After that, we  just laid there in  a heap on the couch. After a while I got up
and fetched  some drinks. Soon, we covered  ourselves  with the afghan and fell
asleep.

Mom woke up  first, and  I guess  judged from what  time Tom was supposed to be
home that  we had time  for another  round. All I know  is that I woke up about
8:30 with two mouths on my cock.

____________________________________________________________________________End


