                                                                                {*f0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          JANITOR 15 - PROLOGUE
                        -------------------------
                            By: Fredrik Olsson

I know what  they will  do to me. They  will mutilate my flesh and make it into
something  inhuman. They  can completely  alter the  state of my mind. But they 
shall not break my spirit. I am determined. I swear with every ounce of my will
that who I am, my internal nature, cannot be twisted or cut out of me.
No matter what occurs I will remain unchanged.
                                                      -Ken Demarest / BioForge-

Prologue:
The blue  smoke emerged  from the  dark corner as the waiting  man drew another
blow from the  cigarette. He had  been waiting for some  hours now, waiting for
his pray. A woman in a red jacket and black pants was soon to be dead. He could
hear rats running  around in the old  abandoned house. The rats did not dare to
approached  him anymore. The last  rat who  tried had  been squeezed  under his
shoe. The little  corps was gone now, another  rat had drag it away probably to
eat. Then he heard the sounds of footsteps outside.
It was the sound of two men, one to much but he better check it  out anyway. He
rose from the  crate in the corner and walked towards the window. The glass was
broken  since long and  he felt the cool wind of the night against his face. He
looked out  to the street three levels bellow and saw a woman in red jacket and
black  pants and a  small child in  a blue jacket. They  have not said anything
about a child  but what the fuck  the job got to be done. He loaded his gun and
carefully  screwed the muffler  onto the barrel. He  leaned on the window ledge
and  let  the  gun lie  steady on  his  shoulder. He breathed  calm  and  aimed
carefully. Then  the bulled struck the woman between her shoulders and she fell
down on the  wet street. The child  did not react, it just looked at the fallen
mother. The child could be around ten years old, maybe more, maybe less.
The woman was  not dead she  crawled forward and the child lay down on all four
and crawled  beside her, he could  not hear what  the child screamed and he did
not care. He was  surprised  that she had  not died. He  have done this so many
times before  and never failed. He could have shot her down from ten times this
distance.
He aimed again and the second bullet hit the woman in the back of her head. The
head totally exploded and the child started to run down the street screaming.
He followed the child with the barrel aiming for the neck. An easy shot, but he
did not do  it. He lowered the gun and dropped it onto the floor. Lighted a new
cigarette and turned around, it was time to go home...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
