                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter nine
                      -----------------------------

-If you ever  would give them a helping hand, you can be  sure they'll  chop of
 the arm.
                                           -Never trust a Klingon / S.P.O.C.K.-

The stars  twinkle at the  dark night  sky. They are  alone on the streets. All
alone and everything  is silent. Jill tries to absorb the story Simon just told
her, the  story of his life. Or at least as much as he knows of his life. It is
scary, a man  with no past. But  somehow, she have always had this feeling that
she knew him before. They are heading for the harbour. Trying to get a boat out
of the country as soon as they can. Away from all this. Screams of tires behind
them, she  turns around  and sees  the big car  stopping just  some few hundred
metres away. Three  men jumps  out of the  car, they don't even got a chance to
start shooting  before Simon by her side has killed the first of them. Then she
hears  the endless  repeated  shots from  the automatic  guns. Simon  hides her
behind his own body and as he runs she can the bullets hitting his body.

"I told you not to kill them!", Mr White gets out of the car and looks down the
street as  the fleeing couple runs into the big  warehouse area in the harbour.
"He is too  valuable, damn  fools!", he kicks the bleeding man on the street in
his stomach. The  two who still  is alive just look down onto the street feared
by Mr Whites  rage. "Now you  get him for  me. She could be speeded. But I want
him alive by any cost!".

It is  dark inside  the large  building. Hiding  behind large  crates  they are
catching their breath and waiting for Simons wounds to heal. All his senses are
at the top. Prepared  to sense any trace of the enemies at all. His muscles are
stiff, ready  to act any second. Squiling noise, someone opened the door. It is
time to move. You  are an easy target if you sit still to long. He grabs Jill's
arm and  starts to silently  move. Sneeking, looking, prepared. Then Jill falls
down, he  can see the small dart stuck in the back of her neck. He did not herd
it came, but  he heard the  second. But it was already to late. The acid poison
aces  his neck, dimes  his senses. A normal  man would  died of  that dose. But
Simon just  gets dizzy, dim, woundeble. He  takes out his gun, he had saved two
bullets, one  for Jill and  one for himself. But he is to slow, he did not even
see the  man come before  he hits his hand with the iron pole, flanging the gun
into  the dark. But  he is  not to slow  to hit  back, a  powerful  blow at the
enemies neck breaks it and the lifeless body falls to the floor. Then the sound
of automatic  fire  could be heard, throwing Simons body spastic onto the floor
beside it. Simon lies still, it is hard to breath. And he can barely move. Full
of bullets  and poison. A  man bends  over him, hits  him in  the face with the
gunbutt of his gun.
"That's for  Mike", Simons vision  is dim but  he hears  the voice clearly. And
knows where to  hit. Sending the second man onto the floor as well. He can hear
the man  get up on  his feet, but  he cant see  him. Simon gets up on all four,
crawling  toward the  sound. The  sound of  laughter and  then the  sound of an
engine  starting. What's  this? He  sees the  answer to his question the moment
before the  fork lift truck  hits him. He  hears the truck turns around, coming
after him ones more and he nearly manages to roll away this time. But his right
arm get  run over. The  heavy truck  severs  his arm  at  the  elbow. The  only
connection  is some thin threads of skin and flesh that breaks as he rolls away
ones more. The bastard is playing with him. Why cant he just kill me?
He regrets his thought as he looks up into the barrel of a shotgun...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter ten
                      ----------------------------

-You better  hope and  pray that you  make it safe back  to your own world. You
 better  hope and pray  you'll wake  one day in your  own world. Couse when you 
 sleep at  night they  don't hear  your cries in your own world. Only time will 
 tell if you can break the spell back in your own world.
                                                   -Stay / Shakespeare sisters-

White walls, white  halls. Mr White really do hate the atmosphere in hospitals.
"So how is he?", Mr White  sakes this with  the same feeling as if it was about
an old car at repair.
"Not good, bad  wound on most  internal organs  coused by machine gun fire, his
eye got poked out by the barrel of gun and well his arm just cant be saved. I'm
surprised that he still lives.", the young doctor answers the man who just paid
him for  taking care  of this man  he normally never would have any hope for at
all. "Hmm, let  him  rest  and keep  him  asleep for  some days an we will see,
report any trouble to me!"
"Yes sir!".
Trouble, like  if he  will die or what, that  will not take too long. The young
doctors thoughts got abrupt by Mr White again, "What about the bitch?"
"She is just fine, still asleep but just fine. Oh here she is by the way.", the
young doctor points  into one of the glass windows in the hall and into a small
room. On a steel bed lies Jill.
"We will  take care  of her, now  show me my Janitor!", Mr White cant  hide his
anger as he  speaks. The doctor hurries and soon they are outside the window to
another  room, filled  by doctors  and nurses  running  around  as ants under a
magnifier a shiny day. And in the middle of the room lies Simon, the Janitor. A
doctor is  removing bullets  from his  body and  Mr White can imagine the sound
when he drops the bullets into the metal bucket. Clunc, clunc, clunc.
"There are  some hundred  bullets  in that man, and  some of them seems to have
been  there for  a long  time. What  is this  man?", Mr White just looks at the
doctor  as he asked this. He  do not need  to say none of your need to know, he
just walkes away. Clunc, clunc, clunc...

"His arm is off, he had lost more then 4 litres of blood, his eye was poked out
and a fucking bullet through the heart muscle, and now he is healed!", Mr White
is calm as the doctor screams to him.
He even  smiles at  him, "That's  my Janitor, so  how good  is he  really going
then?", Mr White askes this question with a glimpse in his eye.
"Eeh, well. The eye  is allright, and so is his heart. The fuckin arm even grew
out again!", Mr White stopes  at the  last word. And  some more steps later the
doctor stops and looks back at him, "Well, the new  arm is some ten centimetres
to short, and a little malformed. But it grew out!" Mr Whites smiles and laught
by himself, satisfied. They  really did a good job with this Janitor. Then they
continues, silently. Walkes  by Jills room  that now is empty and finaly to the
window to Simons  room. Only three doctors there now. One examine the grotesque
shaped new arm, one writing something on a notepad and the theird one dont seem
to do anything but to  look up at the  doctor and  Mr White  as they  came. The
window is placed some two metres above the  floor so they can have  a good look
down at the well enlighten room.
"We have to give him nearly pure morphine continuously just to keep him calm.",
the doctor looks at Mr White who now sees that the Janitor is not sleeping, but
he seems to be in a world far away. Dim eyes stares out into  the eternity till
they  spot the  window. The  dim eyes turns  dark. Mr White freezes as he knows
that the  Janitor  recognises  him, and  the next second  the doctor  who  just
examined the  malformed hand got the same in a tight gripp around his neck. The
grasps  at the  arm trying  to get  loose and  then  strong  grotesque  fingers
squeezes  his head  off. Blood  pulses  from the  whole where the head was just
before  and then  the headless  body falls  to the  floor. The  doctor with the
notepad  throws the note  pad away and runs for the door on the far side of the
room. The Janitor gets out of the bed, more falling then walking  he approaches
the window. The  third doctor is  now desperately  searching throe a box as the
Janitor finally approaches the window, stretching, banging even trying to climb
up. He cant  get no grip on  the flat wall  and the window ledge is just out of
reach. Even thoe  this the doctor that came with Mr White is taking  some steps
back at  the fury of  the beast on  the other side. Mr white stand still, calm,
just watching  as the  third doctor  stings the  Janitor with a shot. Brave but
foolish it should  be proved to be as the Janitor pounches him, hurls him throe
the room. And  then  the Janitor  falls to  the  floor, uncouncious. The  third
doctor is  bleeding from his  nose but he is still alive. And he rises from the
floor watching  the Janitor  from a safe  distance and  when he is sure he wont
attack he looks up at the window, seeing Mr White waving.
"Give that man a fat bonus!", Mr Whites words are calm and not to be discussed.
"We will take the Janitor away from here. You have never seen him and none else
either! Oh by  the way ask the brave one down there if he wants a better job.",
Mr White had  already left  the window before  he had finished those words. The
Janitor was moved out, the doctor never saw him or Mr White again and none ever
spoke about what had happened eather.

Five guards  are following the  wheel table down the hall, all of them equipped
with guns and stun rods. The walls of the hall are grey, cemented and dusty. It
seems to  have been  deserted for  years. But  Mr White walking some few metres
behind  the table, guards  and the  reassigned  doctor  knows  better. They are
moving fast and soon they come to a door at the end of the hall. No sign on the
door nothing at all. But on the other side is a huge operating room. The doctor
who had  pushed the table  stops and one  of the guards continues his work, and
places the bed in the middle of the room surrounded by all kinds of equipments.
Mr White  walkes up to  the doctor and lays his hand on his shoulder, "Hope you
will like your new toys."
"I must be dreaming, my hospital would never afford these machines." the doctor
just stares at the filled room and Mr White is filled with some strange kind of
pride.
"It is all yours, and a fat payment when you are done."
"When  what is  done?", the  doctor still  stares at  the machines, finding new
things every second.
"Oh, nothing  special. Just  give the Janitor  a new arm, make him a little bit
more bullet  proof and  erase his memories.", there  is a vague  sarcasm  in Mr
Whites voice now.
"Erase memories, but  that cant be done!", the  doctor finally stops staring at
the machines and now he stares at Mr White.
"We have been able to do  that for years. But we will  discuss that  later. Now
you  can start your work. Everything you ask for you will get.", Mr White takes
a last  glance at  the Janitor on  the table and then he leaves him, the doctor
and the guards alone...

"He is ready  sir, all repaired.", repaired, the  word just don't seems  to fit
for a human, but the doctor could not find a better one.
"That's  good, just  the memories  of the  last four  months  and all stored on
tapes?", "Yes  sir, just  as you told  me.", Mr White seems to be satisfied and
then he opens one of the drawers of the huge oak desk. The doctor hopes for one
more of those fat envelopes. But instead he faces a gun.
"That's  good, maybe  you should  take a vecation  now.", Mr White squeezes the
trigger and the doctor got a nice third eye in the middle of his  forehead. The
dead body takes some steps backwards, with a suprised look on its face and then
it falls with a thud.
"Take the stiff away and reassign the Janitor!", Mr White waves with the gun at
the man  in dark suite  by the  door and he quickly leaves the room, leaving Mr
White alone behind the desk with a troubled face...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter eleven
                      -------------------------------

-The X-ile Zone. June 2058. The sky is dark purple. It usually  is after a nuke
 attack. The shockwave has only just faded out  and I make a final  check of my
 combat gear and head for the electric fence. The suits at Mission Control took
 all morning  to brief me, but all there was to it was four simple words. There
 is no room for misinterpretation. My object is crystal clear. Kill enemy tribe
 leader.
                                           -X-ile Zone / Obsession game manual-

Wet. It is so wet. Simon opens his eyes. He can see the sunrise over the water.
He gets up  from his lying  position and sits down with his back against one of
the huge wooden poles of the pier. The sky is coloured in red and there is just
some few  clouds on the  sky, all dancing in the shimmery light of the morning.
All is  so beautiful. But  his head  is not. It aces and his body screams after
something  it  badly  needs. He  don't  know what  but  it  must  be those damn
cigarette. He  better stop  smoking, it  is bad  for your health. But only this
last one. Three will not be a last one eather, couse all the cigarette are wet.
And so are  his pants, his skirt  and the sand he sits on. Damn he will catch a
cold, that's  for sure. But  he shall see  the sun  rise  first. Just  some few
minutes later the sky is all blue, the red, pink, violet it is all gone. And so
are his memories of yesterday. Oh wait a minute, didn't he went out to a bar or
something? Yeah  he  did. The  memories  becomes  clear  now. He got mugged and
robed. Yes  his wallet  is gone. That's it, and  the bastards left him here. To
die they  must have  thought. Hah! What  did they know. Nah, he better get home
now.

At  least  they did  not steele  his keys. He  unlocks his  apartment  and gets
inside. Home, sweat  home. Not  much but  it is  his and  he shall get some dry
clothes. Get  a nice  cup of tea, and  sleep of the head ace till he gets a new
job. A new job. Why do this come so easy to him, didn't he go out yesterday coz
he did  not want  his job  anymore and  now he nearly looks forward to it. Nah,
what the  fuck don't  a man got  the right  to change his mind. He takes of his
coat, hangs it up and wents into the big room. Takes his skirt of leaving it on
the unmade  bed. Oh, what's  this? Quite  a bad  scar on my shoulder, they must
have  beaten  me  quite well yesterday. Hmm, looks  at a  bullet  wound I don't
remember  any guns. Nah, what  would I know  as drunk as I was? He turns on the
warm water  and as he  waits for  it to get real  hot he gets the cup, used and
dirty of  course and a new bag of tea. The last one he better buy some more. He
fills  up the water and  adds the teabag. Opens the refrigerator. Damn I am out
of honey. Ah, I do  need to  do some  shopping. He  sits down  at the table and
looks  out on the  street. People  are starting  to walk up and down now. It is
time for  them to go to their jobs, normal jobs. Nice tea, maybe should try the
lemon  thing next  time? Then  he  spots  the  calendar. August! Hey  is it not
supposed to be spring? Hmm, I do have worked a lot lately. Missed the summer, I
do needed  the break  yester day. Then  he spots the little paper thing stiffed
under one leg of the table. He bends down and picks it up. Hmm some numbers and
a single word "Call".
This is  a new one. They  never told  me about a  job this  way before. Well, I
better call then. He picks up the phone and calls the numbers straight from his
memory. As  he hears the connect tone he cant get the feeling of that he called
this number before  away. Seconds  go by, minutes  go by. None seems to answer.
Must have dialled the wrong number. He looks at the note to  refresh his memory
and... what  the fuck a photo. Nice girl. He have seen her before, he knows it.
He fall  down on  his knees  as he  get stroke  by a vision in his mind. Like a
flash  of light, but  through  the  light  he  can see  the  Girl on  the photo
laughing. He  looks at  the chair just  beside the bed. He have not putted this
chair here. Another flash, an old man. Grey haired.
"Mr White, your  employer or  Dad if  you like." the  words echoes  through his
head. Make  it  stop, please  make  it  stop. He  rolls  around  on  the  floor
screaming, not in pain. But in some strange pain of his mind. As if it was torn
apart but  nothing  seemed  to  be  missing. The  echo  stopped  but  the words
remained. The  scar on his shoulder, nearly  fall, the  photo, Mr White. It all
came to  him floods  of memories  he never thought  he knew. But  not all, just
fragments, fragments of a  life with  girl  named Jill. But  there where two of
them. One young girl and one young woman. But still the same. And he remembered
the pitch fork truck, how they had shot her. The couple in the church.
All  incomplete fragments. But  he knew  they had  taken her from him. Both the
girl and  the woman. Damn, make  this stop! It did not stop, he got to end this
by him  self. He  crawl on  the floor  out to  the kitchen. Opens  the oven and
removes  the  plate. The  shiny  grenade  is  gone!  Parade, no  demonstration,
explosion, more  fragments comes to him and he gets out the Smith & Wesson. Yes
there  is three  bullets  left. Left? When  did he  spend the rest? He puts the
barrel against  his head. This is all over soon. I will come after you Jill, we
all meet in heaven. And then the blast flings his body onto the kitchen floor.

"Damn the damn doctor failed.", Mr White screams and he is not happy.
"He have a fucking  overload and  shot himself! Get over there now you fools!",
Mr White  hits the man  nearest to him  in the stomach and he bows catching for
breath. Before he  has straight  up the rest have left the room to do Mr Whites
bidding. The hit man walks after them holding his arm around his stomach.
Mr White  looks after  them as they  leave and then he sits down behind the oak
desk. "Fuck, damn, shit! This better will be repairable else..."

Headache. So  bad. Simons head aches so bad. Then he remembers why. He had shot
himself in his head and he was not dead. Flesh could heal but brain? He gets up
leaning  to the wall. Seeing  the bloody hand  print on the wall. Blood has ran
all over his neck, down his shoulder. It had not dried yet so he had not passed
out for  long. He  walks out into  the bathroom. Gets into the shower. Gets his
pants of and  turns on the  water. Washing of the blood of his head. He quickly
looks into the mirror and before the wound is filled up with fresh blood he can
see  the shiny  blue metal  underneath. Shit  am I a fucking cyborg? No, he had
never found any metal inside him before. Well some bullets now and then but...
He had  even walked  through  a metal detector  once. This  must have been made
recently. He turns the water of and sits down on the toilet. Holding some paper
over the  wound in his head, waiting for the bleeding to stop. There is a knock
on the  door. Fuck who  could that  be? He gets some new pants from the pile of
dirty clothes and wents to the door. With his head covered by a towel.
"Who is it?", he screams throe the door wishing he had one of those peek holes.
"We are from Jehovahs witnesses. We just want to ask if you have read the bible
recently.", great this is the last thing I want. 
"Yes I read it everyday, backwards! Now  fuck off!", hah  he thought  and turns
around and  then the door crashes behind him. He flinges himself onto the floor
and turns  around in  the fall  seeing four men entering the apartment all with
rifles. The  first shot  tears apart  the floor  just  above  his  head. And he
quickly rolls  around so that he comes behind the wall between The hall and the
big room. The second  bullets  nearly  go through the same wall, the wall paper
bulps  out, one  more shot  at the  same spot  and it will get through. Then he
spots the  barrel of  one shotgun  come out  into the room, he quickly grabs it
and pulls. The  owner falls out into  the room. And a swarm of led from another
shotgun  tears the wall above the bed apart. He shots the man who fall into the
room in his face and he dies emiedetly but his body twitches still. And then he
shoots through the wall where they had shot before and he hears the scream of a
man from  the other side. There  is no need to wait. He jumps into the door way
and  gives three  shots in a  row. Two hits, one dead. To bad that they replied
his fire. Good  that it  was no  shotgun. From  this distance it would maybe be
lethal  even to him. But it still makes him fall down on the headless corps. As
he rolls  away he fires a  third shot. It misses and tears apart the ceiling of
the hall gets up just in time for one of the men to rush into the  room. He was
not prepared  for such as bravery and yet another bullet  from the gun hits him
in his  chest this  time. He  shots from the hip, but the shot gun clicks. They
are both  surprised, and the man can give Simon yet another bullet wound before
he have get to him and throwed him out the window. Just the first floor, but it
better  be enough. It  is silent  now. Just some heavy breath from the hall, he
must have shot someone real good through that  wall. He  approaches  the window
with his back first carefully looking at the hall just in case. Then he takes a
fast  glance out  the window. Yep  it had been enough. The man had fallen relay
bad. That  is not a  natural angle for  a normal spine. At least he had dropped
his rifle inside. It lies just under the window. Simon picks  it up and then he
slowly  approaches  the doorway  to the  hall. And  a  quick  jump  out into it
prepared to take a bullet with his body. But there is none. All there is to see
is a man sitting on the floor holding the arm around his chest. The whole swarm
of led  had not  went through the wall, but it had been enough that's for sure,
this man  will die  soon. The man  holds up his gun, aiming for Simon with weak
arms. 
"Oh, no you don't want to be shot do you?", The  man drops his  rifle at Simons
words. No he did not want to die. Then he can be used. "Who send you?", the man
don't answer just look down on the floor at the pool  of blood, his  own blood.
Simon puts  the barrel  of the rifle  at the mans  head, "Now, would you please
tell me who send you?" 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter twelve
                      -------------------------------

-Let's fuck them!
                                                      -Rambo / First blood III-

ESF building. bright  day. One  man armed  to his  teeth. Simon has det all the
weapons from  the oven. Even  the test gun that had blow up once, he might need
them all. It is  time to kiss some ass. He walks inside, quite a big lobby. The
guard  takes the first bullet. And then Simon walks for the elevator. No that's
not good. He  better take the stairs. The door is locked, but a kick takes care
of that  problem. Hmm, downstairs  or upstairs. He  don't  know but  downstairs
seems  to be right  so that's where  his heading. Two more guards tries to stop
him on his  way down. No  of them  even got a chance to see their children this
night. A long grey hall with cement walls. Seems to be deserted for years. Hell
no. He kicks  up the first  door, an empty room. The second door, some chemist,
some former living chemist. The third, paper, every wall is filled by bookcases
filled by paper. And there is a second door. Not first  visible but at a second
glance  it can been  seen behind  one of  the bookcases. He throws the bookcase
onto the floor and kicks in the second door. Revealing  a dark room. The  light
switch  is just beside the door, and as he turns it on  he can se several glass
tubes. Some of the size of a human, some just a half  metre or less. But inside
all of  them are  some kind of human, or  rather creature. The first tube is of
the size of a human and inside is a naked  female, the skin is pale and sign at
the foot tells "Janitor 5". Her eyes seems to have grown and they just dont fit
in their sockets. The second tube is containing just an empryo, Janitor 14. The
third  is some  kind of  strange  formed  blob. No shape at all, Janitor 9. The
fourth is  yet another  complete  human, a  male. Electric wires are coming out
from  his left eye  and mouth. In all there is twelve tubes. All market Janitor
from 2 to 23.
"It will soon  be a Janitor  15 tube.", Simon  turns around toward the sound of
Mr Whites voice.
"Yepp, that's you, Janitor 15. A perfect killer machine hand made by us. To bad
that you will not last.", Mr Whites grins at these word and he steps aside from
the door way  a second door  way to the room that Simon had not noticed before.
And into  the door way  steps another man, or  more like a machine. He is about
two and a half  metre tall. And half of him seems to be machine. He stares down
at Simon with one real eye and one red glowing mechanic.
"May I present  Janitor 25, your  replasement.", Mr  White walks away laughing.
Even though  the other Janitor seems to be big and clumsy he is fast and before
Simon got  time to react the  Janitor is over him. He falls down to the ground,
falling badly  on his guns. As he  rolls away from the Janitor he drags out the
shotgun from the holder on his back and unload a round in his chest. He did not
even move. Barely  bleed as the  chest is made in pure metal. He gets up on his
feet and as he walks backwards he unloads the whole gun at the Janitor who just
walks straight  at him. Shit Simon hits the wall behind him, he is trapped. One
hit from the powerful arms of the Janitor flanges him through the room and into
one of the  tubes, it breaks, and the room gets filled by the smell of alcohol.
He pushes the malformed corps of Janitor 8 away. And gets to his feet. Gets out
the test gun.
"Don't you  dare explode  on me!", Simon screams and shots the Janitor. The gun
did not  explode but the Janitors  arm did. The left one. Not much metal there.
That's  it he better  aim for the  part of the Janitor that is still flesh. The
second round from the test gun rips up the Janitors belly in an explain of fire
and blood. Simon is just about to unload the third round when the Janitor hurls
him into  the air  once  more. This  time  through  the door where Mr White had
disappeared. And crashing  into some  surgical  aperture. Electesy sparkles all
around him. Thousands of volts, he better get the hell out of here and fast. No
time to waste, and  the other Janitor did not waste any time eather. He already
grabbed Simon by his neck before he had got up and flings him into the air once
more. Shit I dropped the gun. He reaches for the Smith & Wesson  under his coat
and gets it  out just in time  to get kicked in the stomach. He rolls around on
the floor  and unload all bullets in the direction of the Janitor. Some missed,
most of them hit. But none of them coursed any damage. The  Janitor grabs Simon
and  lifts  him up in  the air  and Simon can  nearly se him smile as he breaks
Simons left arm. Not the crack of bones but the crack of metal can be heard.
Simon kicks  the Janitor  by the  balls, but there  is no balls to kick. And he
probably hurted his foot more than he had hurted the Janitor. Yes his right arm
is free  for a short second and he pokes the Janitors still normal eye out with
his  thumb. The  Janitor drops  him, and  stalks back. He do'nt scream, he cant
scream. But  the pain is obvious. Simon takes this chance, his only  chance and
runs into  the Janitor with all his force. The Janitor looses his balance for a
short second, enough  for Simon to kick him in the chest and send him down into
the broken electric aperture. 
With a  light as  if looking into  the sun the electricity runs through Janitor
25. Burning  every micro chip. Frying his still human flesh. Sparkles flew into
the air  in a cascade  of dancing  light. Just a fizzling sound, no scream. The
sparkles ends but the Janitor is still alive. Simon grabs a metal pole and runs
it through  the Janitors  chest. He can feel the tickling of electricity in his
hands  before he  let go of  the pole. The  Janitor looks  at him  with his red
glowing  eyes. Grasping at the pole throe his chest. And then his head falls to
one side, the eye  still glowing. The  smell of burned flesh fills the room and
so do the smoke and the Janitors body gets on fire. Burning slowly.

Yet another  door to kick in. There is more guards here. None of them have been
any problem so far. What could be after that Janitor. This must be door of some
importance. One  kick and  he is in an  operating room. With  bright light. Two
guard  just  inside  the door, two  more men  knocking  on heavens door. In the
middle of  the room is  an operating  table. There is no problems to see who is
the patient, or  should we  say subject. Jill, in deep sleep from narcosis. And
the doctor  that is about to cut her flesh is not hard to recognise eather even
through the mask. Mr White hold up a scalpel just above Jill's face.
"You better give up or she dies.", Simon aims his gun at Mr White and says.
"Then you  will join her.", it was  no good threat Simon barely got the time to
stop him  from stabbing  her by sending him through the room with bullet in his
shoulder. Before  he has get up Simon is beside him. Takes the scalpel and aims
the gun at his head.
"Too slow, and now you better tell a good story"...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter thirteen
                      ---------------------------------  

-Fredrik Olsson  familjehems  placerades  januari 1981 tillsammans  med systern
 Hanna.  Barnen  placerades   enligt  õ  25  BvL,  barnav†rdslagen.  Biologiska
 f”raldrarna  ans†gs som  ol„mpliga  att ta hand om barnen. Fredriks biologiska
 mor  avled i  mars 1983  och sedan  ompr”vning av beslutet i november 1983 har
 placeringen varit frivillig enligt õ 6 Sol.
                                              -Utrednings protokoll 1995-07-04-

You are no  human Simon, that's  your name  huh. We made you. But you do are my
son. My possession, my tool. You where made from one of my cells. Then we added
some DNA  from some amoeba and some monkey and some other different sources. We
let you grow  in a tube till you where two months. Just an embryo. Tubes simply
don't have what a mothers wound have. Janitors just do'nt get the same if breed
in tubes  only. And we  wanted you to  be the best. So we implanted you into an
young woman. Quite  a nice couple I must say. Just could not have any children.
So we helped them, implanted you, but we said it was their own  flesh and blood
of  course. You  grew well and  some seven month later you where ready to born.
But for  them it would be  as if you where born two month to early so we had to
arrange you dead at birth. The poor couple took it real hard. The woman took an
overdose of sleeping pills if I remember correctly. But you where  adopted to a
little bit older couple. It is not yet possible to clone full  humans, you have
seen some  of the results  of those tries yourself in those tubes. So we had to
wait for you to grow to a man. So we adopted you to an old couple. Saying  that
your  mother had  died at your birth. The nice couple accepted that and so they
excepted  our lie  about your mother being an alcoholic. With that lie we had a
reason   for  running   some  few   test  on   you. You   developed  well. Both
intellectually  and physically. You  became strong  and your good healing flesh
got in  handy more than  twice as you where a quite wild child. Climbing trees,
playing with matches and all things you just should not. We  where worried some
times that  you would get  seriously hurt, but that was not necessary. You went
in normal  school. But  got quite  teased by  the other  pupils couse you where
adopted and some other reasons. But that stopped at about the same time you met
this  girl. Jill, yes  that's the same woman. I guess fate wanted you two to be
together. She  where fourteen  and you  had just  turned fifteen. You surely do
seemed to be made for each other, you god damn it even planned you children and
house and  all of that stuff. You could barely spend a day apart. But it had to
end. You had to be prepared for work. So we had to arrange an accident. You and
your parents  died in a  carcrash. Well  you survived of course but there where
three  coffins at  the funeral. Your  coffin where  pure white with those kinda
twisted  stuff in  the  corners. You  even  got  a tombstone  with  a kinda sad
message, well  that's  what expected  when an  eighteen year old boy dies. Jill
wanted to buy the grave space beside your grave but her parents  talked her out
of it. So we putted you into training. You where trained in arms, material arts
and all  kind of  combat techniques. All needed  for the perfect  assassin. You
learned good and quickly, most of them do so when motivated by electric shocks.
Only one year later we could give you your first assignment. We erased you mind
ofcourse and gave you your  new name, Simon. And we  made some great  papers of
you being a volunteer from the army and so on. But I guess the memory erasement
was not to  good at that time so you began to peek around to find the truth. So
we picked  you up again  after about a half year and then we totally erased you
mind leaving  nothing. At  least we thought so, you the one who knows best. And
we assigned you to your new apartment. It seemed to be fine. No troubles at all
for more  then one  and a  half  year and  then you went  to that bar, met Jill
again. What  the fuck did she  do there. Maybe  it would not be this way if she
had not  taken care  of you  when you  got beat up. But  she did. We thought of
killing  her at  once but we decided to test you instead and well, you were not
as reliable as we had thought. But she could be of some use so we used her as a
carrot  for you. As  long as  she lived  you would  do our work. And maybe be a
little  bit more happy  and don't fuck things  up. And we  where right, you did
your  work, no  questions. And  everything  was fine  till you  got on TV. Nice
slaughter  in fact  and you  where hooded and all. So we could not know why she
had recognised  you. But she did, and you two bastards tried to flee. We cached
you. You where in  a pretty bad shape but we found out what she had seen on TV,
this pretty  little necklace  huh? We  checked the  film and yes you whore this
one. An she whore this one. Very touching this love and strength thing. Well we
repaired you in some two weeks. And  we erased  your memories  of the last four
months and left you down in the  harbour. But  the mind  erase had  gone really
wrong this time and well I guess you know the rest of the story...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter fourteen
                      ---------------------------------

-And they lived happily ever after...
                                                            -A children's book-

"You have used me, used me like a machine.", Simon grabs Mr White and holds him
up the wall spitting the last words in his face.
"You are a machine Janitor, we made you.", only coldness in Mr Whites voice.
"I am still flesh and blood, your flesh and blood."
"Yea right, then the amoeba is your mother!", Mr White spits Simon in his face.
Simon don't bother to dry it away.
"I want my  life back, I  want to  live as a human.", Simons voice is thrilled,
close to breakdown.
"Yeah, a  house, dog  and  three  children  right?", the  daring  words  has no
resemblance to the fear in Mr Whites eyes. Simon lets go of him and he falls to
the floor.
"You aint no human  Janitor, you are my killing machine. Just like the rest. We
have made Janitors for fifty years."
"Creating faked lives for fifty years!", rage in voice  and eyes. But  Simon do
not look at Mr White he approaches Jill on the operating table.
"Right, faked lives the perfect assassins. Our business have been good. We have
killed presidents. We fucking works for the government!", there is some strange
pride in Mr Whites words. Simon examines Jill. Yes  she is still  alive. And it
don't seems like if they have done anything to her yet.
"Tapes, you had the memories on tapes. If you can erase then you can insert..."
Simon turns to Mr White and finishes with "I want my memories back!"
Mr White just smiles, "If that's what you want then come with me."
Mr White  crawls up from  the floor  and walks to one of the two doors into the
room, the one where Simon had come in thue. He waves at Simon with some kind of
inviting gesture. There is no need to trust him so Simon takes  Jill's sleeping
body up in his arms and walks after Mr White.

"This is the machine we use.", Mr White points at a chair. The chair look a lot
like an  electric chair. Wires go everywhere. Mr White seems to have found what
he  have  searched  for. A  box  and  he  shows the label to Simon with a grin,
Janitor 15. He  opens  the  box  and  picks  up  some tapes, "This is your life
Janitor."
"My life I shall  have back.", no  mercy in Simons voice he knows what he shall
do. Mr White  seems to laugh quietly as he insert the tapes into the machine on
the left side of the chair.
"So why do'nt you sit down.", Mr Whites grin stops as Simons grabs him hard and
flinges him down into the chair. Straps him up and holds him still  with a good
tight grip around his neck. Then he still holding Mr White he turns to the left
and checks the machine, it is not hard to spot the right switch. It must be the
big  red one. He  cant  reach it  with  his hand  so he  kicks it down. And the
machine  starts  to hum. There  is panic in Mr Whites eyes now, "Hey stop it. I
order you Janitor." A glass cup starts to lower above Mr Whites head.
"I beg you, Simon.", the  cup is now over his head, making it fixed so Mr White
cant turn his head to eather side.
"I beg of you, please... Son!", this  is fear Simon  can barely  reject feeling
sorry for him as two metal pins inserts through his head with a crushing sound.
And then  the glass cup  flashes in bright light. Mr White screams, in pain, in
terror. 

No  get  it out  of me. Let  it stop. The  damn Janitor  just stares  at me. My
creation, my  son. His  memories fills  my mind. His  memories  of joy, when he
first met  Jill. A forest, a picnic in spring time. And pain, his training, his
murders, shot damn I am shot. O please make it stop! Feeling, memories, all not
his own fills his mind. Human thoughts, the damn Janitor got human thoughts.
Feels pain, knows  love and hate. The  glass cup gets off his head and he falls
down on the floor infront of the chair. Exhausted. He looks up into the eyes of
his son  and he feels  sorry for him. What  have he done. He have the powers to
create lives and creates monsters.
"You are free my son, take your woman and go.", his voice trembles. "As soon as
you leave this  building you are free, we will not look for you.", and then his
eye lids  falls apart. They are to heavy to slid apart. But he can hear, weakly
as his son takes his woman in his arms and leaves. Leaves him alone.

The hall is long and grey. The walls are cemented but that's not what in Simons
thoughts. It  is the door on  the far end of the corridor. A wooden door whit a
glass window. The window is covered by dust but outside he can see the contours
of green  trees and a blue  sky. His arm has healed, and he have Jill with him.
Carrying her in his arms. As  he looks down  at her she  opens her eyes and she
smiles. He knows that the era of pain  is over. The  nightmare has finally come
to an  end. And then his chest explodes in a burst of fire and  blood, flanging
Jill's body  into  the air. A loud  crack can  be heard as her spine breaks and
several  ribs breaks as  she hits the  floor. And  she notices  a new sense she
never noticed  before. Not  the smell of burned flesh or the fact that she cant
move her body  anymore. No it  is the loss  of something  she always  taken for
surety, her heart don't pound anymore...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
