                                                                                {*f0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          JANITOR 15 - Chapter one
                        ----------------------------

-I am nothing but a thug in the chinese mafia.
                                                 -Yo Hinomura / Crying freeman-

The sun has  just  started it's daily journey over the sky and colors the world
in red. The birds have  started their  orchestra. It is spring time, the eve of
light, but  the apartment is dark, and the only sound that can be herd in there
is the sound of a key in the lock. The door opens and a man steps inside. He is
about twenty  years old and  wears a dark coat. He  takes another blow from the
cigarette  in the corner of his  mouth and then  he bends down and picks up the
envelope that lies on the floor just inside the door.
He opens  it with his little finger and looks through the money inside. Then he
takes of his  coat and hangs  it on the  rack to the left of the door. He turns
around  and closes  the door behind  him and  goes in  to the only  room in the
apartment with the envelop in his hand.
Well it  is not  the only  room  if you would  count the small  kitchen and the
wardrobe as  rooms. They are about one square metre each. He walks out into the
small kitchen and turns on the warm water. Then he  goes back into the room and
to the  little table  beside the bed. Opens the drawer  and flings the envelope
among all the others. Closes the drawer and returns to the kitchen.
The water is warm  now. Too bad that he hasn't got any clean cups, but what the
heck. He takes  one among the others and fills it up with nearly boiling water.
Takes out  a tea bag from  the shelf and a jar with honey from the frigde. Sits
down by the small table by the window.
The street  is just one level down. It  is best that way, makes it a lot easier
to flee than if  he has to jump out of the fifth floor. He opens the window and
the breeze  from the early morning comes in with the smell of spring. It is not
a pleasant smell, but it is the best you could get in these parts of town.
He finishes his cup of tea and leaves the cup on the table when he lies down on
the bed. He's  still got  his cloths and  shoes on  but what the fuck he hasn't
made the bed for months.
Looks up  into the ceiling, the white paint is now grey and cracked. Not a very
good apartment  and he has lived in it for as long as he can remember. Well and
as long as  he can remember is  only about one and  a half year. Wonder what he
has done before that. Has he always been a killer? Has he always lived here?
There are  a lot of questions, but  there is no time for them now, he has to go
to sleep. It  takes a  long time for him to fall asleep and when he finaly does
he encounters a terrible nightmare. The little  child crying beside  the fallen
mother...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         JANITOR 15 - Chapter two
                       ----------------------------

Boutari rose, 750ml 54:-, Grekland, Nauosam, Boutari, L„tt, mycket frisk, b„rig
smak med viss syrlighet och inslag av jordgubbar.
Sambuca  Extra, 500ml  103:-, (sambo'ka), Italien, Molinari, Simmig, eldig, s”t
smak med intensiv anis karakt„r. 40%
                     -Systembolagets prislista 3/95-

His body has been rested but his mind has not. He has been a killer for as long
as he  knows and death  has never become him. Until the last few weeks. Killing
gives him an uneasy feeling. A feeling of shame.
He looks  up in  the cracked  roof above  the bed  breathing  heavily after the
dreams he had. He doesn't know which of them was worst, the crying child or the
other  one. It was  the same  girl  again. They  had been  in a  glade having a
picnic. Her  eyes where as  blue as ever and sparkled as diamonds and her blond
hair flows in the breeze of spring. They laughed and magic sparkled in the air,
then came the  snow. It fell  from a cloudless  sky and when he looked back the
girl was gone. He had searched and sometimes he could  see her siluette  in the
heavy snow, but it was no snow. It was fragments of metal ripping his flesh.
And then he  had awoken  with a scream. He rose from the bed  realising that he
was dressed. Sweat clutched the clothes  at his skin. He took of his  shoes and
went out  to the kitchen and made a cup of tea in the old fashion way. And then
he went  back to the bed and sat down against the wall. He turned on the TV and
the sight  horrified him. He saw  the girl from last night and she cried softly
sitting on a chair in what seamed to be a shaggy office. A female police hugged
her and then was the picture of the fallen mother. The red jacket was even more
red, stained  in dark  blood. The  former head was just a mass of crushed bones
and brain.
He had  not herd  what the  reporter  had said, and he did not need to. He knew
what he had done and  that he could not make it right. And he knew he could not
help himself but to do it again, and again.
The remotecontrol flew across the room and exploded in millions of pieces as it
hit the  opposite wall just  above  the TV. He  walked towards  the windows and
tears fell softly on his chin.
The sun  had sunk  ones more and he hoped that it would never come back. People
walked down the street. Some running others sneaking. The light was  on in most
of the  windows in  the house on  the other side of the street and he could see
people walk around. And  he could see  the young  couple, hugging, unknowing of
the pain in life. All that matters to them is their love.
He would  give anything  to  get that, anything  to have  a normal life. Normal
life? Yes  that is what he  should have, at  least for  a night. He's got money
right, lets  spend them. He turns  around and on his way to the door he grabs a
handful of envelopes from the drawer by the bed. He will be human tonight...

"Hey you, you aint 25 are you kid?", the  guard by the door got bulging muscles
under the tight T-shirt. Probably implants.
"This is a lot more than 25.", he replies and puts  one of the envelopes in the
guards hand. The guard gruffles and gives him a push in his back so he stumbles
into the bar. There is a long corridor with a red floor and at the end he could
see a  people strolling around. Hundreds of them and even due to the loud music
he can hear them laugh.
As he continues he can see a young girl strolling by the guard in the corner of
his eye. She  surely  aint 25, more  like 18. "Hey you mister, you got to leave
your coat here!", he turns around and sees the woman behind the counter staring
at him.
The young girl  that came after him leaves her jacket to another one behind the
counter and gets a  plastic card  in return. He turn around and sees the toilet
doors. He bows apologising at the woman and then he enters the toilet. There is
a row of sinks and  some four booths inside and he chooses the  one nearest the
door out. He  locks the door  behind him and opens the toilet. Then he tries to
put his shotgun inside but it wont fit.
What the  heck he  thinks and  just lays it behind the toilet, flushes and goes
out. He  gives his coat  to the woman behind the counter and receives a plastic
card with the number 235 in black on it.
As he  turns around he  walks into someone and drops the card. As he bends down
to pick  it up he  realises that the blond women he walked into already done so
and their eyes meet, her eyes are blue and she smiles apologising and then they
both quickly rise.
"I'm sorry" she  says and hands  over the card. "Oh, no it was my...", he stops
as he sees her eyes sparkle just as the girl in his dreams.
"Have I met you somewhere?", her voice trembles as she asks. "I do'nt think so,
I don't go out so often.", he quickly reply's and turns around walking into the
crowd.
He uses  his elbows  to make his  way through the crowd and finally he comes to
the inner  parts of the  place. The light  is low, and the tables are all empty
except for  one occupied by two older women who seem to be pretty drunk by this
time. There is a bar in one corner and the bartender is wiping of  some glasses
as he approaches him. He sits down by the bar and looks around. The blond woman
enters the  innerparts. She  must  have  followed  him. That  is an unconforbel
feeling to be followed but he tries to ignore it as she seems to be no threat.
"So what do you want?", the  bartender  sakes and the man replies, "Boutari" He
does not know why he asked for it and he does not know what it is.
"That is for ladies and fags mister." the bartender reply's and the man quickly
says, "It is for the woman in the corner." And he points at the blond woman who
had now sat down by a table beside a big plant in a corner.
"Oh, I'm sorry. And  something  for you? You've got one  on me.", the bartender
blushes  and the man  doesn't want to  make him suffer anymore so he just hands
over some money and says, "Sambuca please."
"Yeah that  is a drink for men.", the bartender replies relieved and hands over
a small glass and the change. The man takes the glass and sits down by a table.
As he  smells on the  liquid he can see the bartender walk down to the women in
the corner  with a glass  on a small  plate. The  liquid is  clear as water and
smells  like liquorice. And some other strange and unpleasant smell. Guess that
is the alcohol. As he moves the glass to his mouth the blond woman sits down by
his table, he ignores her and swallows all  of the liquid at  once. And then he
turns over the  glass on his thumbnail and to see if a single drip comes on it.
It does  not and he  puts the  glass back on  the table unknowing of why he had
done what he had.
"Sambuca, right?", the  blond woman sips at her glass, the glass he had bought.
The liquid  is kinda  pink and seams  to taste far better than his had done. He
does not answer just nods, looking down at the table.
"How did  you know what  I like?", she  doesn't smile  anymore as she asks this
question just looking at him.
"It was a  guess, and  a mistake.", He  said  and  rose  from the table walking
toward the bar.
"Could I have a bottle of that Sambuca?", he askes and the Bartender hands over
a bottle with the word Sambuca in black old style letters on the label.
"But this  one is  not on me.", the  bartender  says and  the man hands over an
envelope. "Keep the change.", he says and walks  to another table  far from the
blond women.
There are more people here in the inner parts now. Maybe about a dozen. He sits
down and realises that  he's got no glass. He  walks back to the  bar, and asks
for a new one. He would not go back  and get his old one. He  sits down and has
another glass. His  stomach gets warm as he swallows the liquid and he fills up
another glass.
"You do  seems to need  someone to talk to.", the  blond women sits down at his
table and  he do not  know if he should be glad or ask her to leave. He decides
to ignore her  and swallows  a second glass. The blond woman puts her hand over
the glass when he's about to pour up a third one.
"My name is Jill. What is yours?", she  removes  her hand  and the man fills up
the glass and empties it once more.
His head is getting dizzy as he replies, "Simon."
"Like the saint.", Jill smiles and sips at her glass.
"Not even close.", Simon says and fills up another glass.
"Maybe you should take it easy with that.", Jill says and nods at his glass...

He does not  walk straight  as he makes his way toward the exit. An old tune is
playing, "Goodnight sweetheart, goodnight...". He  sings along with some of the
other  guests. He does  not remember what  he has done the last hours and he do
not care at the moment.
Neither does  he care that he left Jill since a long time. He hands his plastic
card to the woman behind the counter and gets his coat back. As he walks out he
falls down to the ground.
Laughing he gets up and starts to  walk home. It is just  some blocks away. And
the fresh  air will do him some good. Some blocks down the street there is less
people, in fact he is alone.
And he starts to  sing another  song. "I want somebody to share, share the rest
of my life...", he does not know where he got the words from. They just came to
him as fragments of a lost memory.
"Hands up mister.", the dark voice comes from behind him and as he turns around
he falls  to the  ground. He  crawls up  and as he does he sees five teeners in
black coats. The one nearest to him points with a knife at him.
"All your money please.", the  dark voice  continues  and Simon  attacks him by
instinct. He  has never  lost  a fight  before. And  he  did not know  what the
alcohol had done for the moment as the fury flow in his veins.
Barely  able to walk  he had no chance. The first knife stabbed him in his back
and he fell to the ground once more this time with a scream. And when he looked
up his  face was  hit by  a heavy  leather  boot. The  blood in  his  face made
everything  to be in a nuance of  dark red. It was just the first kick and more
was to follow. And the world fades away in a series of kicks and stabs...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter three
                      ------------------------------

-Together we can rule the galaxy as father and son.
                                         -Dart Vader / The empire strikes back-

"So you  finally  awake.", the  soft voice  said. Simon eyes where stung by the
bright light  as he tried to  open his eyes. His head aced, and it was not just
because of  the beating. He sees Jill's face in the bright blur. Then he closes
his eyes once more.
"They did not beat you up as bad as I thought.", Jill's voice said.
And then  Simon realises what happened and what he must do. He quickly gets out
of the  bed and the pain comes all over him. But he do not care, it is not only
his life anymore.
"My clothes!", he yells and tries to search the blur that is now his world.
"On the chair.", Jill  says and his  sight start to became clear again. He sees
his clothes and gets dressed as fast as he can. Knowing  that Jill examines the
scars on his body. There must be some more since last nights beating.
"You really seemed to be a mess last night.", Jill says. Simon turns around and
look at her and she  continues. "But it  seems at  you have  been through quite
worst." Simon looked away and walked out of the bed room. He found his shoes by
the door  and as he left  the apartment  he screamed, "Forget that you ever met
me, for your own sake."

Out on  the street  he ones more  prayed to the  gods that  they would not kill
Jill. He  was the one  who made  the mistake, Jill  had done nothing. Maybe she
even  had saved his  life. Jill's apartment  was just some few blocks away from
his own and he came home very fast. The street outside his house was empty when
he walked up the stair to the apartment. He opened the door and walked inside.
"So you  have met a girl  I see.", the voice came from inside the apartment and
Simon quickly  turned around and grabbed for the shotgun under his coat, but it
was not there.
"Relax, you  have nothing  to worry  about.", the  voice belonged to an old man
sitting  on the only chair he had just beside the bed in front of the door. The
old man was maybe not so old about 50 years maybe, but still he was nearly bald
and the remains of his hair was grey. But his face was vital. And he smiled.
Simon  took his coat  of and entered the big room. "Who are you?", he asked. He
did not  expect an  answer. But he got one and it shocked him, "You may call me
Mr. White, your employer or Dad if you like."
Simon stopped  at these words. And  the old  man smiled  at his response. Not a
nice smile, more a grin of evil joy.
Simon  finally got  his speech  back, "Don't  kill the girl, she  knows nothing
about me  or you." - "I would not worry abbot her. She is already dead.", these
words froze all blood in Simon's veins and not  even the fury within  him could
warm it.
"You just  got to tell  her.", the old  man continued and hold a gun up towards
him. He did  not know if  he should be  relieved by the fact that she was still
alive or be even more horrified by the fact that he was the one to kill her. He
took the gun from the old mans offering hand and pointed it at him. He tried to
squeeze the trigger but he could not do it. It was not stuck, it was his finger
that did not obey his which.
"Did you  thought we  would let  you  kill your  maker?", the  old man said and
laughed as he walked out of the apartment. Simon ran to the window to shoot him
as he entered the street but he never did.
After some  minutes that fell like an eternity he made himself a cup of tea and
sat down  on the chair. The chair  was still by the bed and he started to empty
his packets. The wallet was gone, but his cigarettes where not stolen.
As he picked up a cigarette he noticed the little piece of paper and he took it
out tossing the cigarettes onto the bed. It was a photography of Jill. Her eyes
sparkled and her blond hair glowed like gold. On the back of the photo was just
the  single word "Call" and a  phone number. Sure, he thought and put the photo
in the drawer by the bed.
And picked  up a cigarette and lighted it. Simon had heard once that you should
not  smoke in  bed, but  what the  fuck. He  needed to sleep. He could kill her
later...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          JANITOR 15 - Chapter four
                        -----------------------------

-I want you  to set a fire so damn big that the gods vill notice us once again.
 That's  what I'm saying. I want all of you boys to be able to look me straight
 in the eye one more time and say: Are we having fun or what!
                                                          -Big Boss / The CROW-

With a  nearly an  unhearable thud  something drops  in from the mailbox in the
door. It is a sound enough to wake up the sleeping man. In less then a tenth of
a second  after the  thud he is  aiming at the  door with the gun that had lied
under the pillow. The gun he got from Mr. White.
Nothing  to worry about  this time, well he has yet never had anything to worry
about. It was  just some mail dropping in. He gets up from the bed and walks to
the front door and picks up the mail or in fact only commercials.
Well he better get up and get something to eat anyway.
He flings  the commercials  onto the table  on his way out into the kitchen and
then he get  out the bread and starts to slice it up. What a life he is living,
spending the whole day waiting, eating and sometimes killing a few peoples. Why
doesn' t he  live a normal  life, have a whife, some kids and a little house in
the outside of the city, maybe with Jill.
"Yeaw!", damn he had cut himself with the knife. That's the punishment for day-
dreaming  when you  slice bread. With  the finger and the taste of blood in his
mouth he looks down and sees that he has sliced it all, the bread had ended and
his  hand started, he  must have  been dreaming  more than he thought. Well why
bother, the  wound will be healed in some minutes. He does not know why but for
some  reason his  flesh heals  enormously fast. A  knife cut in some minutes, a
bullet wound in less than ten. This ability saved him last night and many times
before. But he still can feel the pain as a normal man.
The taste of blood is gone now and the only remains  of the knife cut is a thin
scar on his left middle  finger. "That's one scar  more, guess I  collect scars
like stamps", well talking about stamps lets check out the mail.
There  are two letters. One  from some computer company trying to sell him some
crap, the  other is just  market with  one word, "offer". He opens the last one
and finds a too familiar note. It is time for a job again, so soon? The message
is simple, "Make a massacre at the demonstration downtown Janitor."
He rises from the chair and walks out into the kitchen again. He opens the oven
and removes the bottom, revealing lots of guns, grenades and other weapons.
Quite easy mission this time so he just grabs one of the silverish grenades. He
has no idea  what they are  but he hopes they will work. They are probably some
experimental  secret weapons  that he should  try just as the rifle last month,
just hope  that this one wont explode in his face too. No need to wait the jobs
got to be  done, he  puts on his  sunglasses  and the coat  and slams  the door
behind him. Lights a cigarette and walks down the stairs out on the street.

It had not  been a long  walk. It took about twenty minutes to get downtown and
find the demonstration. He  had walked  through the  crowd on his way to find a
good place to throw the grenade from.
It seemed to some demonstration about the shut down of the  factory in the west
town. He can't  really figure out why he should kill those people but it is not
up to him to ask questions and he has reached the top of the stairs to the roof
now. It is a three level house and inhabited by junkies most. The demonstration
consists  of some  thousand  people and  maybe half  of them have passed by the
house now.
They're  all screaming: "We want  our jobs back" in  chorus, as  the man  walks
toward  the edge of the roof and looks down. A little thickness in the crowd is
coming nearer  now, that will  be perfect. He  turns around  and walks some few
metres  from the  edge  before he  takes out  the grenade. It  is silverish and
shaped as an egg with a black button near the top. The button can be slid up or
down. Down makes a boom after three second and up makes it explode at inpact.
He slides the button up and start to walk toward the stairs. Flings the grenade
over his  shoulder and as he opens the door to the stairs he can hear the sound
of metal against asphalt, he had missed any human.
Then comes  the boom and  the warm shock  wave against his back pushes him some
few steps down the stairs. Cement falls down from the roof in the stair case as
the house tremors and then only the sound of screaming people can be heard.
Some few  people, the ones  who aint having their own trips to heaven comes out
from their apartments to check out what is going on. The man joins  this little
crowd and exits the building. Then it is not hard to disappear in the crowd.

Jill's house is not far from his own. Just some eight blocks really. He did not
know why  he had walked  here. It surely  was no shortcut. Maybe he should take
her life  now. Why  wait for  the future  to come when you could make it happen
now? Mr. Whites  gun feels heavy  under the coat. He gently touches it, looking
at the door. Three  stairs up  and the  second door to the left. One bullet and
this would  be over. Nothing more  to worry about. He has no reason to have any
gratitude  to her. No  feelings at all. But  he does. Feelings  he knows he had
before but cant remember. Strokes of joy and pain from a time he forgot, a life
he might have lived. No he could not kill her. On the other hand.
It is  nearly brightday, someone  might see him. Yeah  that's it. He shall come
back for her tonight. Or the night after that. Yes that's good thinking. And he
turns around, heading for home.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter five
                      -----------------------------

Quote
                                                                  -By somebody-

Simon knew  he had to do it soon. It is better if he does it instead of someone
else. He  could at least  do it quick  and painless. He could but he can't make
himself do it. But tonight it will be done.
A fast  glance at  the window. The  sun is down and the streets quite empty. It
will be a good time.
He is sitting in the chair by the table looking out through the window with Mr.
Whites  gun in his  hand and the  photo of Jill in the other. He's got his coat
on, ready  to kill. He has been  ready for three days now, sitting in the chair
waiting. He puts the  gun onto the  table and holds the photo in his hands even
thow he  doesn't need to, the photo is a small one. The kind you use on the gun
and driving license. Her hair is as blond as ever and her eyes are so innocent,
unaware of her coming death.
Simon cries, tears fall softly down his shaggy face as he turns around the card
and looks  at the  phone number. He  has learned  it by heart  now but still he
looks  at it  again as  he dials the  numbers. The sharp beep in his ear and he
wonders  why he had  called. But  it is  to late  to hang up  as the soft voice
speaks in the other end, "Hello..."
Why did he  call, should he hang up. He regrets his sudden action and the voice
speaks again, "Is there someone there?"
"Ooh, I am  sorry. Its  me, Eeh Simon.", the  words  come uneasy but the answer
warms his soul.
"Hi, I thought  you would  never call, I am sorry  tha...", "No no no. I am the
one who  should do the apologises. I think I was a bit too ruff. I should never
had...", he  had interrupted  her and  now he  did not know what to say. He had
ever though about what to say before he called, had he even though about why he
should call.
The silence  is unconfortable, he  got to  break it  up, "I just thought that I
could make  it up to you, you know for taking  care of me and so. Well, could I
take  you out  someday or  you know  something." Damn that must have sounded so
stupid.
"Is this a  date?", "No  absolutely! Well, yes. I  guess  so. If  you  like  of
course?". She  did try to hide her joy as she answered but she failed. He could
nearly  see her  smiling  with tinkering  eyes before  him, "Yes, that would be
great. So when should we go?"
"Well, why  wait. How  about  tomorrow  night, eight  o clock?", his  soul  was
enlightened  and his heart  filled of joy. He  had completely forgotten what he
should do by this time.
"Okey, I  be ready. I wont  let you wait, I promise.", Simon did not understand
the meaning of the words but he surely understood the meaning behind them.
"Great, see  you then. Well  I better hang  up now. Got  to keep some things to
speak about tomorrow.", it was  a quite bad effort to quit the conversation but
he felt like if he did not end it now it might be really embarrising.
"Yeah, good thinking. Bye.", Simon did not answer this time he just hang up. He
was really  nervous now. What would he wear. Damn he really got to buy some new
clothes and... his  planes were interrupted as he noticed the gun on the table.
It felt like if his whole  world collapsed. For the first time in hi known life
he had felt as if the future do had something good I store for him. And now his
dreams where ones more crushed.
What is a human life  worth? Not much. But  his life would surely pay for a lot
of lives, maybe even Jill's. She had never asked for this. He  should pay right
now. What is his life compared to the lives he would save? He grabs the gun and
puts  the barrel into  his mouth. Closes  his eyes and NO he could not do that.
Damn, taking lives had been so easy. Why could he not take his own?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter six
                      ----------------------------

-Turrents of blood  splashing over  the  wall, I cut your  head of and watch it
 fall. You  don't  look  to  good  without  a  head. But  it will  surely be an
 improvement in bed.
                                          -Nothing but a bitch / Cat rapes dog-

Another day  has soon  gone and Simon would be very tired if he would not be so
worried  about the  evening. He isn't sure if he is most worried about the date
or the fact  that he  is gonna kill  his date. He has been out strolling on the
streets  for hours. He has bought new clothes and a red rose that he is holding
grasping in  his hand as he knocks on the second door to the left, three stairs
up. His heart is pounding. Maybe he should end her life right here.
Just let  her open  the door and  face the  barrel  and then  her  brains would
decorate the  wall behind  her. The thought stops him from that and his waiting
is over as the door opens and Jill steps out. She is dressed in a red dress and
wears a black jacket. And she smiles as she says, "I promised you you would not
have to wait." And then she grabs his arms and leads him  down the stairs. They
enters  the cab he had  waiting down by the street and of they go. Heading down
into the night.

"So what do you work with", Jill breaks the silence and Simon looks up from his
plate. "Actually, I am a janitor.", the response took a bit of thinking and the
answer did  not come  easy. It  was a lie but  not a complete one, he thinks at
least. Jill's  seams to be surprised and follows up the question, "So what does
a janitor do then?". This time he will have to lie. I kill people, no that wont
fit.
"Well, I fix and clean. And stuff like that."
"Ooh, but  you seem  to  earn a lot  of money  for being a janitor.", shit what
would he answer  to that. He  got to be quick, he cant tell her or can he. What
would the difference be she will die anyway.
"Well I have fixed a lot of things lately.", just after he said  those words he
realised  how close to the  truth he had been and best of all, she excepted the
lie. Well, she had been right.
Maybe he  had made  the  wrong choice  of  restaurant. It  is one  of  the most
expensive Chinese restaurants in town, Ming's Palace. A good name for a such as
fancy restaurant. The floor is all dressed in a red carpet and lanterns made of
paper with  paintings of  Chinese women. The  whole place completely smelled of
money. Well he got  to say something, "You look beautiful in that dress.", Jill
blushes.
"In fact you would look beautiful in any dress."
She smiles  and her  eyes are  more  beautiful  than they  ever had been in his
dreams. The night continues and times goes fast by. They talk and Simon is very
coitus so he wont tell anything about his life or lack of life.
And soon the atmosphere makes him forget the job he got to do.

There can be  only one. Blue steel sewers the head from the body and flashes of
magic energy fills  the air. Jill grasps his arm  in the dark. It gives Simon a
feeling of being man, he likes it. Maybe it had not been a such a good idea.
But he had not  got any better idea than to take her to the movies. At least it
had been a good film. A film from the old days before the small wars.
"If you had'nt brought me here I would never seen this, I am so glad you did.",
Jill's  words are  soft and she kisses his cheek softly. As they enters the cab
for the ride home. In the darkness of the cab Jill takes his hand and it is not
unconferble. He  likes  it, and  then he  realises  for the first time since he
picked her up  what he should do, and as her soft hand held his he fellt a tear
in the  dark. A tear for the loss, a tear for the joy he felt this night. A joy
he will never have again. And then they are back where the evening started.
Back at Jill's  house. He pays  the driver and follows Jill to the door, up the
stairs  and to the  left. She unlocks  the door  and goes  in before him and he
turns around and starts to walk down the stairs.
"Would you not  like to come in  for a drink.", he stops and turns around. Jill
stand in  the half open  door and looks  at him. Her eyes tells him that she is
pretty nervous but it is an invitation to take seriously.
"No, I don't think it would be proper. You know first date and all.", the words
flows over  his lips  and he  is glad  he had said  them. If he walks in now he
would have to kill her tonight. And tonight is not the time, no good at all.
"Well, it wont be our first date.", her voice as  a weak tremble. Maybe  she is
scared to get a no. Maybe  she knows what  is to come  to her. Simon smiles and
enters the apartment. He knows this is a mistake. And he promises himself to do
it quickly. "Well, just a drink then.", now his own voice tremble. And he takes
of his coat. And  hangs it up on the rack beside the door. And then he sees the
gun. Damn, he  quickly hides it  within the cote again and turns around knowing
that if  she had seen it he would have to do it right now. But he was lucky, or
maybe unlucky. She  had not seen it, she had walked into the inner room and now
she turns around and waves invitely at him. As he comes into the room she walks
right into his arms to kiss her and he raises his hand by instinct to stop her.
And as their  lips meet he can feel her firm breast in his hand. Her soft toung
splits his lips, damn. This is so wrong. How could he let  this happen. But  he
likes it, yes  he it feels so right but is so wrong. Jill breaks their kiss and
looks up at  his face. She smiles  and her eyes  tinder's as she guides them to
the sofa. Simon  hits his  leg in the  table and they  both Loughs as they fell
down on  the sofa. Simon  on the top. Damn, this  cant be  true and he gets his
second kiss in his life. As far as he can remember.

Jill has  been asleep  for  some hours now  but Simon have not yet been able to
fall asleep. He  can still remember the feeling as he entered her. She had been
like the rose covered by dew in just before sunrise in the spring.
He  could  still remember  when she pressed  herself  against him  and silently
moaned by his  neck. Memories he would never forget. Moment  of love. Moment of
his first love. And his last. It is time. Time to do what he have to do.
He gets up from the bed gently, afraid to wake her up. And he walks  out to the
front door  and takes the  gun in  the coat. It feels heavy in his hand and far
more heavy in his mind as he walks back to the bed room. A walk that feels like
miles. Miles through the waste land of his dark soul. She sleeps curled up as a
baby. So innocent  and so beautiful. He  holds the gun in both hand and aims at
the back of her  head. Pain, so much  pain. And he squeezed the trigger softly,
slowly bit by bit  to the point where her life will end. And she turns her face
towards him and she smiles.
No, he cant. He drops  the gun and ears fells as he fells down to  the floor by
the bed. Hiding his face in both hands. Weeping, he cant do it. Not now.
He knows  that the feeling in  his heart, in his soul must be love. Love enough
to overcome his curse. But will it be enough to save them both.
He gets up  on his feets  and takes up the gun. It had fell onto the bed. Lucky
for him, else  the thud might have  woke her up. He returns the gun to the coat
and as he gets down into the bed again Jill asks him, "Where have you been?"
"Nowhere, just  got to  go to  the toilet.", then  she gives  her a kiss on her
forehead and they both soon fell into sleep.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter seven
                      ------------------------------

-It is your  woman, Yo. Save  her by  your self. -I will. -Erase everything. Yo
 Hinomura, even his name. -I understand. -Now when you have found the woman you
 love you wont hesitate to erase your past? -No.
                                              -Old woman boss / Crying freeman-

"She' a great  fuck huh?!?", Simon  stops in  the doorway  as he  hears  the to
familiar voice of Mr White. It is late in the afternoon and he has finally left
Jill and  got home and  the first thing he sees is Mr White in the chair by the
bed, not to  pleasant but  he decides to ignores his comment and just hangs his
coat on the rack  beside the door and walkes  inside the apartment. He walks by
Mr White and into the kitchen. And turns on the warm water.
"So you  had a pleasant  night a heard?", Simon ignores his  question once more
and just  takes up a  clean cup from  the cupboard  and fills it up with nearly
boiling water.
"Liked  the  movie too I guess?", Simon  gets  out  the  tea  bag  as  Mr White
continues.
"And a pleasant meal at Ming's Palace I guess?"
"How the  fuck do you  know all  this you bastard?", Simon screams the question
out in rage. But Mr  White is still calm as he continues, "Weren't you supposed
to kill her?". Simon don't answer just sips at his tea.
"Have you  taken a look  at the ammo  of your gun yet?", Simon lefts the cup on
the table and  walk out to  the front door to get the gun. He takes it out from
the inner  pocket of his  coat and removes  the clip. Not a single bullet. Just
some wires  and a little micro chip.
"We knew  you would not  kill her.", Simon  looks up  at Mr White and he is now
smiling. Its not a grin it is a warm smile nearly friendly.
"We have decided that you can keep the girl as a carrot.", Simon flings the gun
onto the  bed and gets  his cup o tea. Takes a nother sip and sits down leaning
to the wall opposite to Mr White.
"As long as you do your work and leaves her outside she will survive." Mr White
stands up and walk to the front door.
"Do as you  like leave her now or live by this, it is your choice." and then he
slams the  door behind  him. Simon  do not  bother to  look if he will spot him
leave the building this time he just finishes his cup o tea as he are...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        JANITOR 15 - Chapter eighth
                      -------------------------------

-I am not afraid to die, I am just scared of going to hell.
                                                          -Hellbelly / Therapy-

The organ  starts to  play Mendelssons  wedding  march. Totally computerised of
course, wonders  when a live  organist played in this church the last time? All
guests rises  from their seats and their eyes as well as the young  man dressed
in black  by the  altar are  all at the  entrance just  under the balcony where
Simon is  hiding. As he loads  the gun he can se a young woman dressed in white
dress guided  by an old man walks up to the altar. The old mans eyes can't hide
his pride. The  waiting young  man smiles  as his woman takes his hand and then
his head is blown away. Red blood stains the womans white dress and she screams
in terror. Simon doesn't wait to see the result of his dirty work he just walks
out of the church, calm before the tumult disappears...

"So how was your  day?", Simon hears Jill's voice from the kitchen as he enters
their home since four months.
"Just fine thanks, and  you?", this have become an institution by now and Simon
already knows what she will answer.
"Just fine, dinner  is ready in some few minutes now.", Simon  walks out to the
kitchen  gives her a kiss and takes  out the plates. And as he puts them on the
table he  can see a little  box. He picks it up and turns to Jill, "Hey what is
this, may I open?"
"Be my guest.", Simon slowly  opens the box revealing  to necklaces. Two chains
in silver and on one of them is a small hearth with a  little tiny sword gravid
into it. And  on the other one  a small sword with a tiny heart gravid onto it.
Simon looks up and Jill looks at him, blushing.
"Maybe it was  stupid I just  felt it was right, they  was not expensive.", the
last words  sounds like  an excuse and  Simon takes out the hearth necklace and
put it onto Jill's neck. Kisses her forehead and then he puts on his own.
"I love  them.", and  those words  was no lie. "The salesman  said something of
strength and love of eternity and so on...", Jill blushes even more.
"Sound quite stupid huh?"
"No not at all.", then the pan on the  stove burst in flames. Jill turns around
fast to drown the flames in water.
"No!", Simon screams and pushes Jill aside  and cowers the  pan with a pot lid.
The kitchens get filled with smoke as Jill starts sobbing.
"I'm sorry, I.."
"Why don't we go to a restaurant instead. It was ages since we were at Ming's."
Simon  dries  away the tears  from Jill's  face. The  phone is  ringing  signal
interrupts the  silence and Simon starts to rose from the floor. Jill grabs his
shirt, "Do you have to answer?".
Simon do not  answer he just  get free of her and  slowly approaches the phone.
Another signal goes by before Simon picks it up.
"There is a  meeting at  the PM-corporation, conference  room 48. Go  there and
make a slaughter, Janitor.", and then a click is heard as he hang up.
Simon hang up  as well and turns around to Jill. She is standing in the doorway
and looks at him with sadness.
"I'm sorry  I got to go. Problems  at E.S.F.", Simon gets his wallet out of his
pants and holds some bills toward Jill.
"You can  still go, I.. Well  why do'nt we  go tomorrow or something?", Jill do
not answer. Simon lais the bills onto the table and walks out.

PM-corporation, a corridor and outside conference room 48. Two dead guards down
the hall. He  takes the final  drag from the  cigarette and then he drops it to
the floor  and squeezes  it under  his boot. He  puts the hood  on and puts the
necklace  under his shirt. Puts  a fresh clip in the gun, and carefully inserts
eight  rounds into the shot  gun. Puts the shotgun into the holster on his back
and closes his eyes for a short second with the gun in his right hand before he
with a  powerful kick  hurls the door through the room. Before the door crushes
the head of  the man sitting  nearest to the door he has run into the room. The
first three bullets  hit the man on the far side of the table. The fourth turns
a face into a bloody mess. And  within a few seconds  the clip is empty and the
room filled  with gunsmoke and  screams of pain and fear. As he reloads the gun
one man  reaches out for his gun and a half metal jacket from a magnum hits him
in his shoulder, flanging him to the floor and crushes his right collarbone.
Before the man got a chance to a  second shot  Simon has drawn  out his shotgun
with his  left hand and  blasted his guts into hell. More of them have got time
to get  their guns and he  feels the bullets sting his body. The next two round
kill  immediate the fourth misses as Simon falls to the ground with a bullet in
his  left hip. He  empties the  rest of  the gun sitting  on one knee. The last
standing  man is finished  of with a bash  in the head by the shotgun. The only
hearable sound  is a moaning from underneath the door. Simon kick the door away
and under lies a young man with his face stained of blood and twisted in pain.
"Please don't  kill me!", Simon  puts his  foot onto  his chest and the shotgun
barrel on his forehead. The shotgun clicks.
"Please, goddamn  it I got kids!", Simon  hold the man still under the pressure
of his boot  whiles he puts  some new  round into the  shotgun. The wounded man
grasps  at his leg, begging  for his life and  then his pain ends in a cloud of
blood, bones  and brain. Simon  looks around  at his bloody work  and spots the
survilens  camera. One  shot more  and it is  history too. He  turns around and
walks out of the room. Takes of the hood and puts the necklace inside his skirt
ones  more. Unable  to move his  right arm he lights a cigarette and leaves the
crime scene.

It is  late now. He has  been hiding for several hours, waiting for his body to
heal. He  can still not quite  move the  fingers of  his right hand. The bullet
must have  ripped of  some nerves they always takes some extra time to heal. At
least  it is a good  extra to his  collection to  his collection of scars. Shit
what  shall he tell Jill. This  wound will  not be as  easy to explain. Well at
least he have take time to stop by and buy some flowers on the way home.
Ten blood red  roses. And some  food from Ming's in a brown paper bag. The last
don't  look to romantic  but he do  knows that  Jill wont  have gone out to eat
tonight. At  least the door to their apartment is unlocked so she must be home.
He opens  the door, no sound  can be heard from inside. Just some flickery grey
light could be seen in the dark. He walks inside, takes his coat off and leaves
the bag on  the table in the hall. Holding the bunch of flowers behind his back
he walks  inside. The TV is  still on, showing just the eternal war between the
black and  the white ants. Jill  sits in the chair with her knees drag up under
her chin, like a baby. Just staring at the empty screen. She don't even look at
him as she speaks with a tremored voice, "How could you?" Simon doesn't answer,
he can't. All  he can  think  of is  the survilens  camera. But  how could  she
recognise him. "You killed him cold-hearted even though he begged for his life"
she looks at him now. Her eyes are empty, cold.
"The necklace, the sword, a weapon to kill. It is not strength is , it death.",
tears starts  to fall as from  silent mountain streams. Simon drops the flowers
and approaches her, to hug, to explain to...
"Get away from me!", Jill  screams  and runs  out of  the chair. She  falls and
tumble down into the corner of the room.
"I love you Jill, and they use you as well as they use me. They know I would do
their  work if they  let you  live.", Jill  lies like a child in the corner not
moving. She can feel the truth behind these words.
"You have a choose, I can end our pain now, here. Or we can try to flee.", Jill
looks  up and sees  Simon some  few metres from her holding a gun. End our pain
now. Die. Flee. Flee to what?
"We have not much time left they will be here any minute now.", Simons voice in
calm, cold. What ever she chooses she knows he will do so. But if they flee and
fail. Perhaps  she should  take  that risk. But  do she still love him, can she
love a cold-hearted  murderer? She have only loved two men. The first died in a
car  crash, she  lost him. But  this time  she have a choose. Yes, she do still
love the man, not the murderer but Simon, the kind, caring man...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

