The Swedish Atari Club (SAK)                                             970104
and NoCrew proudly present...

                 ----------------------------------------------
                 T H E   N O R D I C   A T A R I   S H O W  '97
                 ----------------------------------------------

Dear Atari friends,

  It's once again time for the Nordic Atari Show, the annual get together which
has rapidly become a fixture for all Atari users.

  Third time  lucky, so they  say, and as we are arrange the show for the third
straight  year we  hope to  fulfill  everyone's expectations and that this will
result  in the  best  possible  atmosphere. We've  gotten  a certain  amount of
criticism, both  positive and  negative, from those who have attended the shows
in '95 and '96. We've  taken heed of  the suggestions made and we're once again
off and running!


- WHEN AND WHERE?

  This year the show  will begin on Friday, June 13 and end on Sunday, June 15.
This is  the weekend following  the beginning of the  summer school holidays as
well as the  weekend prior to the Swedish Midsummer celebrations. We'll open at
1 p.m. on the Friday and close at 6 p.m. on the Sunday.

  The show  will take place  in Gothenburg, just  has it has in previous years.
The exact venue  has not  yet been  established. We're  still  looking  for the
cheapest location. The  likeliest possibility  is Kortedala gymnasium, where it
was held last year or some other venue, nearby.


- WHAT ACTIVITIES WILL BE HELD?

* There  will  be  an  Exhibition  Hall  will  dealers, distributors, ShareWare
  programmers and a host of other interesting personalities. The usual  meeting
  place  for all those  not  wanting  to "hack". This is also where the Swedish
  Atari Club  will be  found supplying  information, sale of PD-disks, the club
  magazine's TT, the BBS, etc. We'll also have an area reserved for a swap meet
  where you can buy, swap or sell single copies of Atari related material and a
  "soldering corner" for those of you wishing simple repairs done.

* A "Hacker Hall" where demo and other programmers can gather for  competitions
  and swap  demos and all  kinds of code. NoCrew  is the Swedish demo group who
  will see to it that everybody takes part and  enjoys themselves. Those of you
  hungry  after  rewards  in  the  form  of prizes  will be well taken care of.
  Exactly WHAT prizes these will be hasn't been established, as yet.

* Seminars with  a number  of well-informed lecturers. Last years seminars were
  very much appreciated, something of which we naturally have taken notice. The
  seminars will cover a variety of subjects (i.e. MIDI  recording/editing, DTP,
  hardware, programming) where  the above  mentioned "well-informed  lecturers"
  will demonstrate his subject directly on a computer  in order  to provide the
  audience with practical examples. We'll also hold  the seminars  on different
  days  and at  varying times  so that you won't have to miss the chance if you
  don't attend on a particular day.

* Minor competitions such as "A-Z on the Keyboard" (a much appreciated  contest
  last year), hard  disk throwing (this  year we WILL succeed!), network games,
  juggling, etc. Everything  depends on our  finding volunteers  to act as game
  leaders and judges. There will be prizes for the winners.

* A refreshment  stand will  sell non-alcoholic  drinks, sweets, chips, etc. We
  may be able  to arrange quantity  discounts  at the local pizzeria as well as
  other bonuses.


- WHAT WILL IT COST?

  If you intend to attend all  three days, you  cheapest solution is  the Three
Day Pass otherwise a Single Entry ticket will do:

*  Three Day Pass ... SEK 100:- (about UKP 8.50)
*  Single Entry ..... SEK  50:-

These prices include full access to all the activities being held during NAS97.


- WHY SHOULD I ATTEND NAS?

The answer is  simple: because you care about the TOS platform. We Atari owners
are becoming  fewer and  fewer and a get-together  like NAS is  a simple way of
seeing  what's happening  in the Atari  world (no, it's  not dead!) and meeting
like-minded  Atarians  and hearing  what  kind of  tips, ideas and visions they
have.


- HOW CAN I FIND OUT MORE?

Information will be distributed regularly in the same way as this text file. In
addition, we  have a number  of other sources of information where you can find
out more about the show depending on your own resources.

* Our mailing  list (E-mail). This  will provide the very latest information to
  those on  the list. To have yourself put on the list you MUST have an  E-mail
  address. Send us a message on "nas-users-request@tripnet.se" with  "subscribe
  nas-users" in  the body  of the  text. Don't  forget to  include  your E-mail
  address.

* Our home  page on the  World Wide Web. This  has been in existence since last
  year and we'll try to update it as often  as the information  for the mailing
  list. The  home page will contain more detailed information concerning times,
  schedule of events, directions on how to get there, competitions and housing.

  The address is "www.tripnet..se/sak/nas".

* STraight  BBS. This  is  the  Swedish  Atari  Club's  home  BBS.  Information
  concerning NAS will be included in the SAK menu. You can also use this BBS to
  ask any questions you may have. The telephone number is: +46 31-336 39 73.

* Our club  magazine, "AtariMagasinet", will contain adverts with more detailed
  information  concerning  NAS97 in  issues 1/97 and 2/97. This  is the largest
  mailshot we will send to our (SAK's) members.

* Our show  co-ordinator  is Rolf Johansson. He's  supposed  to know  everyting
  there  is to  know  about NAS97. If  you have  questions to which you've been
  unable  to  get  answers  anywhere  else  you  can  send  him  a  message  at
  "rojo@tripnet.se" and you'll get your answers. If you wish to get into direct
  contact with him, he can be reached on his mobile 'phone on +46 70-669 52 35.

 
       WE'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING YOU AT THE NORDIC ATARI SHOW 1997!

