                                                                                {*f0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                
                              PissSlut HOMEALONE!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     I look the slut. 
     I am THE slut.
     A FuckPiece. 
     CockFodder. 
     Even in jeans and top. 
     
In  the  full-mirrored  wall I  see the  reflection  of a  HornSlut, dressed to
entice, excite. My  sexy-pretty face  is slutty, my bleached-blonde  and frizzy
hair is  slutty. My mouth is one of those mouths that says... 'I take cock. You
can cum in here..'

But Suzie, in  jeans and  top you ask? (Those  who know me!) Yes, but these are
the  snuggest, hipsterest, washedout-thinnest, sexiest  Levi's  you  ever saw -
dipping  every crease, invading  every crevice. And  the top is  a belly-baring
croptop - in clingy, shiny-white lycra, low-cleaved with tits bursting beneath.
The jeans  and top did  their work  today, around  town. I snake  my hands over
flagrantly  prout tit, down  over taut, bared, tanned  belly to the belt of the
Levi's. Thumbs hook the belt - in true slut-stance I stand with crotch and tits
thrust out, admiring my body, displayed to perfection.
The crotch  seam cleaves my cunt. Her pouty-firm, folds are spliced by stroked-
thin fabric. Twin bulgy mounds split by the crotch-seam.
Two mini-mountain ranges - flanking deep river gorge...
I grasp  the belt, pull upward, loving the way it feels, the way it looks; that
denim biting savage at my cunt. A cunt that's now hungry-juicing for cock after
my exhibitionist  flaunt around town. But  not tonight; not with Mick, my horny
husband and Lover hundreds of miles away.
I pirouette.
No wonder they can't resist a grope when I wear these jeans, as I  push through
the shopping  malls and  wait in the  queues! And little wonder they risk being
slotted  by their  partners in  turning to  gawp at this tight, high-jutty ass,
straining to split these age-old faithfulls!
An ass for groping, for kissing, for sucking.
An ass that begs 'come-feel-me' and 'further-yes-further! Fuck yessss! Under!
Grope my cunt...'

Shit! Flaunting has made me so horny!
And the top - a favourite for everyday-wear - not indecently exhibitionist like
my disco stuff. Just almost. They're indecent tits anyway - for my size.
(I've always  wondered if  the best way  to get big tits is to have them groped
daily from  puberty onwards - that's  what mine have had. Always the hornslut -
dragged daily into the boy's toilets at school, with eager little  sweaty hands
pawing, feeling, groping. Groping  sprouty girl-tit under my blouse; groping my
cunt up  the shortest  possible uniform  skirt. I've always been THAT girl, the
one you remember - the one who loved to show her panties in the school yard!)

[ I digress ... that's another story! ]
            
I've said  the top is 'clingy'and it is perhaps a little too sheer for everyday
wear - teats  showing a  bit too  much though  the  fabric - big browny circles
through gleaming white, centred by ever-hard nips. 

Sorry, I'm keeping you folks back... Sorry? Why should I be? The story's called
'HomeAlone' so you must want to know what I do - how I feel - when I am? Yes?
Well - fuck - am I horny tonight! 

I grip the  belt - back and front, and saw that tight jeans-crotch to and fro -
into my cunt. No Mick - no cock. So I'll sexy-up and watch a video!  But first,
a little degeneracy to take the edge of my horniness...
     
Madonna (my heroine) CD into the player. Sexy tongue-flick over pouty lips. The
slut spreads  her thighs. The  fingers of my right hand smooth lovingly over my
denim'd cunt. Heat - damp heat.
A  ready-for-cock  furnace burns  there. One  trying  to put  itself out - with
slickness  and wet. And  about to  get much wetter... Madonna beats on. I fuck-
dance with  my reflection. My hands slide over my tits, pulling and rolling the
mini-erections through the shiny-white lycra. I AM Madonna, on stage ... with a
thousand horny men...  wanting ... watching ... waiting ... for me... 
An ocean of  rutting man-flesh, seething with lust. An army of cock standing to
attention  in sexy  underwear - I feel it - feel  the heaviness  of their fused
passion - for me. I imagine the smell of those cocks...
Thousands  of rutting  men! Thousands  of horny cocks, drooling, begging ME for
their  release! Oh if I  could feel them all at once! If I could have all those
men  clustered  around  me, groping, pawing, fucking. And  me, the  centre-core
FuckPiece  of their  savage  lust! They  want my  horny cunt, my made-for-cock-
sucking mouth, my asshole, my hands.

My voice is hoarse - and  coarse with lust. I spit words at the mirror - at ...
'my men'...

'Look at me, you  fucking horny  bastards! You want this? You want my cunt? Can
you see it sucking on my jeans?  My hot, juicing cunt - a cock-hungry cunt...
Like to  hear me  say that don't  you... My cunt ... cunt ... cunt... Watch the
horny bitch  wank for  you! Like  to see her  writhe? Like  to watch her out of
control, pulling her own tits; fucking the air?'

I squeeze  the crop-top  off my  tits and over  my head. And stand - tit-proud.
Strutty-jutty  tits. Arrogant tits. Exhibitionist tits. My body  writhes in the
hipster jeans; thrusting, jerking in my oft-practised slut-dance - the dance of
the HornSlut...
I growl 'Now see me!', hands squeezing, clawing  at my tits. I grasp the teats,
pull them until the pain is too much... and dirty-talk my men...

'Watch me  grope my own tits  you horny wankers! Like to do that while you fuck
me? With your  big, hard-proud  cocks thrusting up my hot cunt ... or would you
like to tit-fuck me, to fuck your lovely smelly  cocks between these tits until
your slime shoots me in the face and mouth? 
What would you like to see me do? Lie on the ground at your feet while you wank
over  me? Make me  crawl around, sucking  the juice off  your cocks one by one,
letting them drool afresh, then sucking them off again?
Or would you turn around and give the slut your assholes to suck?
And when  you've fucked  me till you can  fuck no more, what would you do to me
then? Stand  around  me as I  lie on  the floor, still untamed  and piss on me.
Would you laugh as you did it - or would it turn you on, because it  would turn
ME on to have  you piss on me. My hands would churn my spunk-spewing cunt, pull
my spunk-slicked tits and I'd cum off pleading for your piss. Cock for the meat
course - piss to wash it down.
And then, the  finale, as  I jerk off  my clit, writhing  on the floor I'd piss
myself - pissing frigging and cumming... Writhing on the floor in the mess, I'd
have the final laugh, the final disgusting, lovely pleasure...

For now though, for  the Madonna-like slut dancing on stage - would you like to
see her piss  her jeans? Would that be fun? Like to watch a horny slut piss her
jeans - like to watch the girlpiss soak into the crotch and down my thighs?'
I  pause, panting - the  belt  pulled  up,  hard. I  stare, glassy-eyed  at  my
reflection.

'Well watch me, you horny, lovely bastards! Watch me piss my jeans...'

Dark wetness blooms at the jeans crotch... I moan. My fingers frig, prod at the
dark hot-wet patch. I loose some more...

'I luvv pissing  for men', I murmur, 'pissing my jeans while men watch. If only
Mick were  here to see  his horny  bitch. Mick  in his favourite gleaming-white
lycra shorts, sticking with hard-jutty cock ...  all horny for Suzie's cunt...
I'd kneel in  front of him  and watch as he pissed them, he'd pull my face into
that  lovely hard, squirting  bulge, I'd wipe  my face over the hot wetness, my
tongue licking wildly, my lips gently sucking, tasting... sniffing the gorgeous
smell of horny cock through wet lycra.
Then he'd  lie on  the carpet on  his front, telling me to jerk off on his ass.
I'd rub my bared cunt  on his hard, white-lycra'd ass and piss, watching myself
spread the wetness around with my natural brush until the lycra was soaked see-
thru. My  breathing ragged, tits heaving, I'd hump my cunt on those lovely hard
buns... I'd lie  on him then, writhing, squashing  my tits on his back, my cunt
on the hardness ... and cum ... and cum...
Then roll on  my back beside him as he hooked the waistband of his shorts under
those lovely, ugly balls of his and shoved his mammoth up my hot n' horny cunt,
fucking me with  those long, deep strokes as he whispered how much he loved his
dirty slut-wife.
And as he  brought me  towards the  next cum, my  hands would  stroke his  ass,
feeling the  piss-soaked shorts on that gorgeous object as he fucked me all the
way to depraved, orgiastic heaven.

But he's not here. I'm HomeAlone, horned-out remembering such things...
Remembering, not fantasising...


I squat on the carpet in front of the mirror - thighs spread. I put my hands on
the floor  behind me  and raise  my ass up  off the floor, staring at my jeans'
crotch... 
I piss  some more, watching  the darkness  bloom from the  crotch and soak down
under to my ass. It feels lovely. Hot, lovely, and dirty.
I stand and  turn, look again  in the mirror. My ass is soaked from the fork up
the cheeks. I need to cum. Badly. I'm trembling for a cum.      
My feverish  hands unbuckle  the belt  of the Levi's, peeling  them down I kick
them  away and  slip on  scanty, shiny-white  satin  panties. They  feel fresh,
snugged into my horny cunt. At back they dip, crinkle gently in the crease.
With hips  gently fucking, I slide my index down; and slick the fabric into the
crease  of my cunt. A  trickle of  piss dribbles, soaking  deliciously into the
sexy fabric. I groan and turn my back to the mirror...
I'm  about to  explode ... my  finger eases  its movement, to save my cum until
after...
The sound of  me pissing the sexy panties is as good as the feel of it, as good
as the sight of  the scanty panties turning see-thu as I do it. And the feel of
my soft  cunt through the wet satin ... mmmmm - so warm and soft. Dreamily - in
a world of  my own - I slide my hand down the back of my panties and bend over,
pressing my index into my asshole. 
I see the  PissSlut in her pissed-up panties. Panting, I straighten up and wipe
piss up  over my tits, streak  it down my  belly and back  over the white silky
panties until they're soaked. 
I hook  the crotch  of the panties  aside  and sink  two fingers  into my cunt,
pulling them  out again  to wipe my juices and  my piss around my lips. I taste
horny cunt - and piss, and smell it too...

The slut  in the mirror  has pissed  her panties. And  her tits  and  belly are
streaked with  her own  piss. The  dancing  slut in the  mirror has two jerking
fingers of  her right hand  two-knuckle  deep in  her jerking  cunt - while the
fingers of her left abuse her equally jerking tits.
Then she  stands - rocking lightly to and fro - as she watches herself cum off,
mouth gaping in a silent scream of perverted, dirty, wicked, lust.
      

Thirty minutes  later, showered and changed, a new me emerges  from the bedroom
and returns to the mirror. In new Lycra work-out gear. Gleaming-white, hipster,
wet-look lycra shorts snug beautifully to perfect ass and cunt.
Matching top  hides nothing except the colour of my flesh; its fabric so sheer,
its fit so snug.
'Well Slut, what's  it to be?' I ask the reflection. 'A few stiff Bacardi's and
a  favourite  S/M/piss  video to  get the  lonely tart  to sleep  on a cockless
night?'
My  fingers  circle  protruding  teat through  stretched  lycra, squeeze  hard,
relishing  the stabbing shoot  of sensation. I grip the top and pull it over my
head. Tits flounce, bounce, and regain - proud and jutting. I run my hands over
them loving the feel - I love loving my own tits.
And I'm going to love tonight... 
Lying on  my front, on the sheepskin rug in front of the TV, the mirror-wall at
my side, I shuffle and get comfy. 
I look  at the  mirror; clench  my ass, watching  it pop under  the sheer-white
lycra  sheen. The guys at  the gym are going to love me in these next time I go
(if they're fit for wearing after tonight - which I doubt)!
I squirm  cunty into the  rug, enjoying the warmth, the wet already slicking-up
the tight crotch of the sexy shorts.
'Right Suz, make it last - finger-play forbidden.' 
Nevertheless  I reach under and bunch the rug under me - a comforter for cuntie
to squirm on. I flick the remote - two masochistic women are about to submit to
a sadistic black stud...

(so hold onto your cocks, horny readers! And squeeze only gently, because Suzie
is about to take you on her little trip of depravity - to join them!)
     
The camera pans  over a Negro's tall, powerful stature. I wonder again how they
managed  to get such  a perfect sample  of black  stud to  perform  for such  a
specialised film. 
Gleaming-black, oiled  skin; powerful  chest  and  arms; flat  muscled stomach;
thick  thighs, muscled  buns ... the stuff horny dreams are made of. Hair, long
and jet-black tied in a pony tail to below his shoulders.
A white  latex pouch hangs  from his loins - heavy with promise. Black, studded
leather  boots reach  over his  knees. His  teats  are  pierced  by  three-inch
diameter gold rings.

Pan around  the film  set - a  long, low  chamber, apparently  underground, ten
metres long by three wide. 

Two naked  women; one bleached-blonde, the  other dark, both very sexy lookers.
Undoubtably the size of their tits was a factor in their  recruitment, for both
have  unnaturally-large  tits decorated with silver teat-rings. The tanned skin
of both gleams with oil. 

The camera  pans the chamber, especially showing a rail at shoulder height that
runs down both sides of it. Then it pans back to show the Negro standing behind
the two women who are leaning over a table - the centrepiece of the dungeon. He
slides  his latex pouch  on the oiled ass-cheeks of the blonde, while his right
hand strokes the brunette's, slides deeper, between her parted thighs. 
Suddenly he grasps  the wrists of  the blonde and  ties them tightly behind her
back, repeating the procedure on the brunette.
Neither  offer resistance. The  contrary; their  tits rise and fall - betraying
their excitement.
They are  led to opposite  sides of the  narrow chamber and made to stand under
the  rails, facing  each  other. He  secures  them  to  the rails, pulling  the
trailing  ends of their wrist-thongs high, up to the rail, and securing them to
it. Their  arms are stretched  up and out behind them, the strain forcing their
heads and torsos downward.
Except  that they  force their  heads up, against  the strain, to watch what is
happening to them. The Negro stands between them, reaching out to both, mauling
the massive, down-swinging tits.

I freeze on  a rear view of him, drinking every delicious curve of the bare and
muscled  ass, split by a  strip of white latex. I freeze again on a close-up of
the blonde's glistening  cunt. An aroused cunt - puffy-swollen, and glistening.
I lick my  lips, wishing I  was licking  the  lips of  that honeydew  core - or
sucking the asshole hidden in the crack of that black stud's butt.
The Negro has a black thong in his hands. He ties one end of it to the blonde's
left teat-ring. The other  end he ties to the  right teat-ring of the brunette.
He repeats the operation using the second thong.
The women  are tied  together  by their  tits, the thong  hanging between their
straining bodies.
Mister GorgeousAss  pushes down on the middle of the hanging thong, pulling the
tits out - toward each other.
Close up now, on the face of the blonde; a face exhibiting pure lust. Her mouth
hangs  open; she  breathes  raggedly; showing  her  wilful  submission  to  the
depraved act. 

I imagine  the women's feelings and sway my body, rubbing my tits on the rug. I
squeeze on the rug, feeling the seam of the lycra shorts bite my cunt. 

I'm there. It's  me being  filmed, having my tits pulled for the benefit of the
evil black stud - for the benefit of horny porn-flick wankers.

The  two women  lift their  heads to  watch their  captor, who holds small lead
weights with metal clips. They watch him clip the  weights to the centre of the
thong connecting the their tits.

Then  he drops  the weights. The  womens' tits  jerk  outward, yanked  savagely
downward - misshapen - stretched and  strained. More  weights. The camera again
records  the womens' faces  as they  watch the  savage  cruelty - they watch as
their  tits are  pulled  further  and  further  until  they are stretched in an
obscene way. Movement causes the weights to swing - more pulling, more pain.

I'm there. 
Suzie is there in mind...
I'm one of those women - in that sex-torture basement...
Me relishing the sadistic treatment, 
Me feeding the lust of the beautiful black stud, 
Me being filmed, naked and panting, 
Me getting my tits pulled off,     
Me feeling those big black hands mauling my tits, 
Me with that bulging latex pouch almost within my reach.
I wish ... I pant, 
And juice - with longing.   

Orgasm  rips - tears  me  apart. I throw  myself on  my  back, forgetting  that
promise - rubbing and groping mercilessly at bared tit - at lycra'd cunt.
Exploding crescendo - tidal-wave of lust... 
 
I rise, unsteadily, and look at the mirror. My cunt is aflame, alive - spawning
richness  into the crotch  of my shorts... My fingers stroke... I wish I'd been
fucked - had spunk in here to feel. 
     
I pull the  waistband of  the shorts  away from my hips and sniff the hornycunt
stink  rising in  the  heat... I wish  Mick were here, he loves sucking it when
it's oiled like this, slick with juice...

Quickly, I get  my clear plastic sheet and lay it on my rug. I lie back, ass on
the rug, shoulders supported on a bean-bag. Now, I watch the  screen over bared
tit and lycra'd cunt. The negro selects more weights, these with  six inches of
thong attached. He crouches behind the dark haired woman who stands with thighs
parted, head forced down. The camera shows her lower belly, cunt and high-thigh
in close-up. A glistening cunt. Almost dripping.
The man is seen through those spread thighs, crouching behind her. Zoom shot to
show white pouch, with contents looking beautifully ugly - twisted and pressing
out the filmy latex. Balls show too, big oval eggs under filmy white.
Big, black  fingers search  her clit, tweak  hard. The woman's body twitches as
his  fingers  splice  her juicy gash, and  follow it  to her  ass. The  way the
woman's  crotch jerks it  is obvious  that the cunt-slicked  finger has found a
home in her asshole.
My  cheeks  clench ... unclench ... imagining  the feel of that rough finger in
mine...
Now the  black stud  has a shiny  metal clip  in his hand, a clip with a weight
dangling  from it. Reaching  through, he  clips it to  the woman's  cuntlip and
lowers  the weight  so that it  dangles  between her  thighs. The lip stretches
downward, pulled by the weight. Another weighted  clip is attached - now one on
each fleshy cuntfold.
I pinch  myself through  the shorts crotch, imagining... He repeats the process
on  the blonde. The  women are  moaning  softly, tits  and  cunts  clipped  and
weighted. And  every detail  of their  masochistic  pleasure  is recorded - the
camera zooms, again showing the captives' faces.
Their mouths  hang loosely open - warm gashes across sexual features. They look
almost  drugged - they are - on the  depraved, debased lust that drives them. I
know, I've  been there - it's  forcing them  to enjoy, to  relish  the depraved
actions.
I squirm; absorbing  every detail  as the camera  pans the two perverted women.
They gaze at each others tortured bodies, their eyes ablaze with desire. 
A torture-twisted  smile flickers on the face of the blonde as she deliberately
sways her  body, adding  to the  sensations in  her cunt. Both women's tits are
elongated unbelievably by the weighted thongs.
The negro is close behind the blonde, gently fucking the bulging latex pouch on
her ass. He  reaches around  her and squeezes  her tits; she groans and squirms
her oiled ass back on his meat. 
His thick hands slide down her sweating stomach. They find her core. The middle
finger of his hand licks in the heat and wet. 
My own finger likewise, slicking in my open cunt, feels the hotted slime oozing
beneath the lycra.
Cut.
The women are shown, now free of the wrist-thongs, free to move around - slowly
because of the pain this causes to their weighted, tortured cunts.
They shamble  carefully towards  the negro, looking  down with twisted faces at
the  hanging, twirling  weights  between  their  thighs and  kneel at his feet,
sighing with relief as the weights settle on the dirty stone floor.
The negro  barks commands and the women carefully release the clips. The blonde
remains  on her knees  in front  of him, gazing  up into his face; the brunette
crawls behind, kneeling obediently. 

The blonde, kneeling  in front  of the  negro reaches  up and weighs  the latex
pouch in her hands; the brunette caresses the backs of his powerful thighs, his
muscled ass. He speaks again and the blonde unties  the latex pouch. Holding it
in front  of her  nose, looking up at him, she  sniffs - then  sexually-slowly,
licks the cock-drool clinging to the inside of the pouch.
The negro grins down, lewdly.
A donkey cock. Of course - it had to be.
A big, black donkey-cock. With big, black balls to match.
A thick strand of sparkly juice hangs from the piss-slit.
The camera pans - slow-motion - to show the blonde's head tilt to eat it.
Her mouth  opens slowly, stealing  the thick  strand. When her head  returns to
normal, the  tail of the  thread  hangs from her  mouth. She licks her lips, it
falls - slow motion - onto her right tit.
The cock. 
The uncut cock sticks lewdly, horizontally, from powerful black loins, pointing
directly  at the  blonde's pouting  mouth. A  close-up over  her shoulder - her
hands  sliding  up  his  thighs  to  grasp  the  mammoth at its base. It jacks,
twitches.
Close up - just the cock and the pouting-open mouth of the blonde. She skins it
slowly...
A mass  of thick  juice - cloying thickly to the pinky head. The sluts' caviar.
More oozing - slowly - from the piss slit... She squeezes, the slit gapes, more
pushes through...

It's me again. 
There  kneeling, with  the black stud in MY power. Me with  that huge, reeking-
horny supercock cock in my grasp.
The man is  in my power for  there's nothing he could do right now except stand
and watch the slut love his cock. And Love it she does. Her lips close over the
hole and she pulls the cockhead into her mouth. A  practised, knowing move, for
she doesn't squander the hard-earned juices by simply sucking them off.
The 'O' of  her lips 'peels' the  thick slime  from the cock. A ridge surrounds
her mouth; she backs her head to show her master - and the camera.
I pause the video...

It's me. Me, with  that cock-oil  clinging around my mouth. Me, with that wide-
eyed  stare, looking  up at my man - proudly showing him the filthy slut that I
am. Me, with the  feel of  it sliding  down my  chin, connecting chin with tit,
clinging on tit.
Me breathing  the gorgeous smell of horny cock. Me tasting the  taste of horny-
dirty  cock. Me, the  HornSlut - and being filmed. The fingers  of my left hand
claw my  teats as I  cum. The  fingers of my right  abuse clitty through slimy-
soaked lycra. I can smell my cunt now, even through the shorts... My hips buck,
wildly searching invisible cock... Cum.

Close-up on the other woman's hands, splitting the magnificent black ass like a
peach. Her tongue eels into the crack. Her head moves in and out. I imagine the
gorgeous smell of a man's ass...
The asshole takes her tongue, and shits it back out. He pulls out  of the mouth
of the blonde. Holding his cock at the base, he arcs his hips to the left, then
sharply to the right. 
The huge thing  clubs her face, smacking her head sideways as if punched. Shock
and surprise at the action turns lewd grimace as she realises what he has done.
And turns  the other  cheek, laughing  obscenely. Again he beats her across the
face  with the mammoth, laughing down at her, watching her take it. The woman's
laugh  turns  moan, yet she  clearly  gets  off on  this new  abuse - this  new
degradation. She  twists  her  teat-rings  savagely  as he  continues the cock-
beating. Her other hand thrashes between her thighs. Cut.

The Negro wanks in the face of the blonde. She kneels obediently; mouth hanging
open, tongue  lolling, awaiting  the  privilege. Her  hands work in his crotch,
tugging the huge hanging ball-sack, reaching underneath  to encounter  the warm
tongue of her friend, flicking in his asshole.
Several cameras - several angles.
A lengthy  clip through  the  Negro's  legs showing  the splayed  thighs of the
brunette as she kneels, suckling asshole. She works three fingers  of her right
hand in her cunt, trying for a fourth ... succeeding. Her thighs splay wider to
accommodate ... her body grinds, bucks. She still sucks asshole.
As she  fucks herself  with her  own hand. The  Negro is still wanking, playing
with the blonde; thrusting his cock into her face, occasionally  into her open,
waiting  mouth. But  then  suddenly, the  thick, white ropes fly - slow-motion,
squirting and licking their way to her face...
They cling  to her nose, her cheeks. In her open mouth. When he is finished she
smiles  at the camera, opening her mouth wide to show the  ropes of thick white
spume connecting tongue, teeth, lips. She  extends her  tongue to show  a pool,
resting  there, then slowly extends it. The stuff slides, drips off her tongue,
clings to her tits.
The black  stands  aside, the  women, still  kneeling press together. They kiss
their bodies - mouth to mouth, tit to tit, cunt to cunt. 
Close-up.
The brunette  licks the  spunk out of the mouth of the blonde, licks it off her
face and bends to lick it from her tits.
Then, staying close together, they turn their heads to the negro.    
A favourite bit. I wriggle on my sheet and hold the remote control with shaking
hand. I'm going to enjoy this bit as much as they...
Close-up. Black  cock resting on black palm, pointing at the open mouths of the
kneeling women.
He pisses in their faces, briefly. 
Then fills  each open  mouth with  piss, just enough so that it pours back out,
down over their tits.
The women look down at their bodies, their mouths empty the remaining piss over
their tits. They feel each other, kissing - sharing the taste of cock and piss.

Suzie rewind.
Slow motion of pissing cock...

I piss  in my shorts - a hissing, brief, but powerful gush. I feel the soaking-
hot  crotch, stab  my finger  through  the lycra  at my  cunt, roll  so that my
lycra'd ass soaks up the piss.
Quickly I stand, thighs splayed, on the sheet, looking at the mirrored wall.
'Beautiful  disgusting  slag,' I  mutter, turning  to  look at the piss-soaked-
transparent white lycra crinkling across the tanned cheeks of my ass.
On impulse, I  try to  shit, but  fart... And  turn back to the front, watching
myself frig my cunt through piss-wet shorts to a knee-buckling cum...

Back on my sheet, ready for more...

The two  women bend  over a  narrow  bench. Camera-shot down  the length of it.
Their asses  are available  for use on one side; their heads on the other. Both
have  their  hands  behind  them, splitting  their  asses - assholes  and cunts
offered for BlackCock's use. He uses a cunt while abusing an asshole.
Alternately.
Fucking a cunt while goosing ass or cunt of the other. Then changing about. The
black cock is white-frothed.  Two naked, erect-cocked white  men appear  at the
heads of the women. They grasp  the hair of  their woman, yank her  head up and
poke their cocks into mouths that seemed to open automatically - on reflex. 

Like mine does when I smell a cock... 
Like a baby bird for its food.

These are not  studs - more like  horned-out cameramen - the zoom-action ceases
for a while here, though several cameras are still filming.
While the black  stud takes his  fun from alternate cunt and ass he watches the
frenzied thrustings of his two counterfuckers who mouth-fuck the two heads.
First one, then  the other pulls  out and squirts a balls-load into his woman's
face. Then  once again  the women  have their mouths filled with cock while the
black's huge hands  slap  their  quivering  asses with  deliberated, increasing
tempo. Close-up of each sex-crazed face; each filled mouth.
I pause and  slow-play the  expressions. Some  porn flicks are faked - pretend.
Nothing  pretend about  these women. Nothing  pretend about the cum splashed on
their faces. No mistaking  the brutality  of the black's  hands on their asses.
And nothing pretend about the expressions - pure debased lust. 

The women are systematically fucked.

The three men take turns to fuck them in cunt and asshole, as they lie or kneel
on the  dirty  stone  floor, or  lie  back, splayed out on the bench - whatever
suits  the men. Their  mouths are used by the men to revive dirty cocks back to
useable  items. The flesh  of both women is streaked with cock-slime, spunk and
dirt from  the floor. I can  almost smell the reek of cock, cunt and piss which
must rise from their sweating, writhing, thirsty flesh.
Cut.

The brunette  lies on  her back  on the dirty  stone floor. She has spunk-spume
over  her  tits, stomach - and  crotch  where  her  hands are shown ... working
feverishly. 
The Negro  stands  astride  her, cock  swinging  downwards, semi-erect, hanging
above  her tits. HE  now has  thongs through  HIS teat-rings, stretching up and
over his powerful shoulders.
The blonde  stands close  behind  him, jerking  her  slime-dripping cunt on his
oiled  ass. She  has the ends  of the  thongs in  her hand and is jerking them,
causing his teats to jump and his pecs to be pulled upward.
He has  thongs and weights  clipped to his balls, pulling the sac downward. His
face bears the evidence of lust-pain, as the womens' had previously.
He looks down  with faraway gaze  at the writhing body of the woman lying naked
between his  legs. She, staring up at the swinging cock, knows what is coming -
watches it inflate. 
'Piss on me, fucking black bastard,' she hisses through clenched teeth, hands a
blur between her thighs.
'Hose me in piss with that ugly black cock.'
The negro's muscled butt-cheeks clench, cock twitches. 
'Do it. Piss on me,' she begs, writhing between his feet.
A heavy, squirting, thick  stream of  piss hits her tits, bounces and splashes,
some on her face. She moans - tongue licking wildly - her left  hand smears the
splashed-up piss over her tits and belly. Her right is busy in her cunt.
The  blonde steps  forward, watching  her  depraved  friend. She watches as the
Negro looses again, this time directly into the brunette's face.
Suddenly the  face cannot  be seen because the blonde has her cunt over it. She
squats it on the face of her friend.
Her hands push her tits up and out, she stares up at the negro - offering them.
'Do it on me too ... please ... piss on my tits.'
The Negro  stands with hands  on hips and does it, then leans backward, raising
the stream  to her face. Her  mouth hangs  open, catching it, still managing to
jerk and grind her cunt onto the face of the woman beneath. 
A  cunt  splayed open, and  pouring  white-frothed, slimy  man-spunk  onto  her
friend's face, into her mouth.
Two sounds. One  of hissing  piss. The  other, the 'cicksick cicksick' sound of
the blonde's slicked cunt using the face of her friend.
The negro's  piss overflows  her mouth and as he shuffles forward, pressing his
cock into  her mouth, forcing her to drink it, the residue flows down her tits,
down her belly, over her cunt into the trapped mouth of the brunette.
At the same  time, as her  mouth is filled with piss and she swallows, drinking
eagerly, she  pisses into  the mouth of her friend, her hands sliding down over
her messy flesh to frig herself.
She's pissed  on. She pisses  on. She  wants  more ... takes  the cock from her
mouth, staring up at the negro towering above... 
'Shit on her,' she  pleads quietly, reaching  under the ugly, crinkly, gorgeous
hanging balls...
'Shit on the bitch ... for me...'

Close-up of the stud's ass.
He shits.

I'm tempted  to shit  my shorts. I watch  the action  on-screen, mesmerised  by
depravity of it... I piss in my shorts... A lovely, disgustingly dirty feeling.

I'm not there now. I couldn't do what they're doing, I'm not yet plumbing those
depths ... not  yet anyhow... But  I do turn  to lie on my belly, and I do tilt
towards  the mirror, my  arm beneath  me, my  fingers frigging wildly. And I do
like to see  my sexy  white piss-soaked  lycra-shorted ass jerking as I cum off
wildly ... 

I'm in Fucking Heaven...
I should be in Hell.          

THE REST OF THE FILM IS CLIPS, SHOT OVER MANY SESSIONS.

The two white  men kneel  astride the faces of  the two white women, who lie on
the dirty  stone floor. The  men lower themselves onto the womens' faces. Their
balls  are sucked, then  their asses. As they receive from the women, they give
to the black - taking it in turns at the black meat.
Yes. The two  white men  suck the black  cock. The black cock pisses into their
faces, then  their mouths. White mouths  fill with piss  that pours  over white
chests and bellies into the sucking mouths of their women.

Black stud on his back on the floor. 
A white cunt astride black cock. 
A white cunt astride black mouth.
The two white  men stand astride  the black  man and piss onto  their women, it
cascades  down the  womens' jerking  bodies as  they hump  their cunts onto the
black stud lying beneath - the piss-shiny black stud beneath.
         
Blonde on  her back on  the dirty floor. Black stud lying on top, fucking her -
oiled  ass pumping. Close-up  between  their  thighs - at  the huge  black meat
raping her cunt, churning the cum-slime  into a white, oily froth. The brunette
slaps the  churning black  ass, then she dips the crease, invading the hole. As
black  ass  thrusts  black  cock  into  white  cunt she rapes the hole with her
finger.
Then, grinning, she  straddles the  shagging couple  and frigs herself, pissing
freely over their asses, backs, finally their heads.

Blonde, kneeling  up, facing  the camera. Close-up  shows  from heaving tits to
juice-streaked  thigh. Spunk hangs  in scummy threads from her abused cunt. Her
tits, belly and thighs are streaked with scum, dirt and piss.
A riding crop  rests on the floor between her parted thighs. Suddenly it lashes
upward - smacking her straight on the cunt. The body flinches. Her  hand slides
to her clit, waiting  for the next cruel, cunt-stinging lash. Brief close up of
her beautiful  ass, clenching tightly  and releasing  with anticipation  of the
pain to come. It comes again to her cunt, then to her ass.
Her face displays ecstasy.
Next shot, of  her still  kneeling. The  brunette  stands at  the side  of her.
Blonde's tits heave and she stares up at the brunette who holds  the crop above
her head. It  slices down, smacking  the blonde's  tits  downward. The briefest
expression of intense pain  gives way to  one of purely sexual, perverted lust.
The   brunette  discards  the  whip.  Standing,  half  crouching  she  wipes  a
disgustingly slimy cunt over the face of her friend.
Then pisses into her mouth.
Turning, pulling  the cheeks  of her  ass apart, she  backs onto  the  reaching
tongue of the blonde. Brunette pushes blonde  to the table and lays  her on her
back. The  blonde's  body is  wet with  piss, her  face  streaked  with it. The
blonde's hand works at her cunt.
Brunette stands  at one side  of the table, the two white men at the other. The
mens' cocks  are cum-crusty and hard. The three  of them lean  over the wanking
blonde. She knows  what  they are  going to  do, and  the look  on her  face is
expectant...
Brunette  reaches across  the table and  puts her fingers down the throat of on
the of the men. He coughs them out, his chest heaves and he pukes onto the body
lying on the table. The body  writhes, its hands  smearing the bile  over tits,
belly and cunt.
Brunette kneeling on the table. Her tits are piss-wet glistening. She pulls the
head of the  second man down to her tits and he licks them all over. He pauses,
then pukes over them. Then kisses the brunette on the mouth before backing off.
Both men  wank. The brunette  hangs her head, pauses. Her tits heave. She pukes
over her own tits and down, onto the tits of the blonde.
The women grope each other. 
The brunette  has the fingers  of one hand up the blonde's cunt, while her free
hand  slaps the mess onto the blonde's tits. While  she grinds  her cunt on the
body beneath. The men wank and grope both women.

I'm  writhing  on  the rug, exhausted  by the  mental  and  physical  effort of
participating in the  degenerate perversions taking place on the screen. I want
to be  there, on that table - to be the center of the others' perverted greeds.
And more is still to come.
I stand, turn  to the  mirror. My  teats are gorged-on, rubbery twigs - burning
with desire and the abuse I've given them. The white lycra shorts are a soaked,
dripping, see-thru mess. Stink steams upwards. 
I turn. The  lycra is see-thru and dripping with piss, the fabric clinging over
my jutty-proud ass. I clench, it creases on the tanned skin...
      
Mick's not here to dirty-talk me -  so I do it myself...  

'Filthy  tart,  horny  nympho  slut,  perverted,  depraved,  deviant.  You  are
disgusting - standing loving yourself in cum and piss-soaked shorts.'
Carefully, I ease  them off, lie naked on the plastic sheet in my pool of piss.
I spread my thighs and gorge my fingers into my cunt.
A black dildo waits at my side.
The film continues with an addition to the cast.

A man is tied  on his back to the  four corners of the table, head hanging over
the edge. He  looks scared - really  scared. And his cock isn't hard so I think
that maybe he IS scared.
The blonde has his nuts in her hand and she squeezes them, apparently hard. And
judging  by the  look on  her face  she loves  squeezing  the  nuts of a naked,
helpless  male. The brunette is kneeling over him, wiping her cunt on his face.
The mouth is trying in vain to get away from it  but already his  face is thick
with the slickness emptied there by the fucked cunt. 
The blonde  laughs as she  watches him  get it, still manipulating his cock and
balls. The laugh becomes a savage grin. Her free hand thrusts under his balls.
The man's hips jerk upward, his cock slapping wetly on his belly like a beached
fish. His  body twitches  and writhes as the blonde's finger rapes his ass. But
his cock swells. And squirts a little piss onto his belly.
The negro  pulls the  brunette to  one side  and pushes her so that she is bent
double  over the man. She  greedily licks  at the piss on his belly, then sucks
the cock. The negro thrusts his own cock down  the throat  of the upturned head
of the captive. He grins as he  thrusts. And as  he rapes the mouth, he bunches
three fingers and shoves them up the bending brunette's cunt from behind.
The single  camera-shot  is close up  on his reaming fingers. From the gurgling
noises and the sound of liquid splashing it is safe to assume what the negro is
doing to the man. From the way the man's body rocks on the tabletop it is plain
that the blonde is really getting off on finger-fucking his ass.
But the next  shot is of  just that  action. And  she  isn't finger-fucking his
asshole, she has  her fist  up it and  she is bent  over his body. Her churning
wrist is seen, his asshole distended around it. She leans into him, fistfucking
his asshole, while many of the fingers of her free hand are  bunched, thrusting
up her own cunt.
The brunette climbs  on the table  and crouches  over the belly of the man. She
pisses a bouncing, splashing gusher onto his belly, then slides her cunt up his
chest. The negro lifts the man's head, pushing it into the woman's piss-wet and
scummy cunt. Both women, and the negro, laugh. 
Cut. 

Yet another night...
The two women  enter the basement, followed  by one cameraman, followed  by the
negro, pulling on  a leash. All are  dressed as if they have just returned from
a fetish party.
The blonde wears a lycra catsuit in shimmering crimson, giving little more than
teat-cover it is so low-cleaved. Clinging beautifully to her hips, the thing is
so filmy  and tight they show all, cleaving and dipping her cunt, displaying an
ass of perfection. 
The  brunette wears thin, tight, black leather short-shorts, shiny black thigh-
boots and a black leather, studded bra. The cameraman wears tight leather pants
with matching waistcoat.
The negro has  white knee-boots, the white latex briefs and a white latex vest.
Shiny-white  vivid on  gleaming-black  flesh. The  leash he  holds is thick, in
black leather. Attached to it is a thick black leather collar which is attached
to the  neck of a  girl, the  last  to enter the basement. In feature she looks
about eighteen, with  dark-pretty  looks and  jet  black, shoulder-length spiky
hair - a 'waify', punky look. In body she is petite - very petite.
Something stirs in me about illegal 'schoolgirl' fantasies. She wears black PVC
knee boots, a black-shining PVC miniskirt and a PVC top, split in a wide V from
tit to navel - the split so wide it shows the sides of her tits.
Despite the  leash, there  is nothing to suggest that the girl is there against
her will. The contrary. She appears excited, if slightly drunk, as do all those
present. The  cameraman, squeezing  bulging cock  and balls through his leather
pants gropes under the girl's skirt. She doesn't object.
The  expression  which  flits  across  the cheeky, dark-tanned  face  is one of
mischievous excitement. 
The  cameraman doesn't  have to grope far because the girl's miniskirt finishes
only fractionally below her cunt. 
But he  doesn't grope  for long. His  thieving  hand is kicked to one side by a
flying kick  from the  negro's  right  boot. Cameraman  jumps back, nursing the
offending  hand. The  camera pans  over the girl, diving first in close-up over
her tits, as  if the lens is  trying to push the V of her top further aside, to
see the small, rounded girl-like tits. Then it pans quickly  down to her boots,
then slowly back up, over every centimetre of tanned, muscled thigh.
The next  shot is from  floor level - up the tiny miniskirt. A shorn cunt peeps
from beneath  the skirt. A glint  of wetness between pursed lips is evidence of
her arousal - and consent. She  shuffles her thighs  apart, apparently  for the
benefit of the camera.
Camerashot  up the  girlish, petite  body. She smiles  down sexually - a white-
flashing, pouty  smile. Her  right hand  strokes  over her  belly and lifts the
skirt a few centimetres. The girl shows her cunt to the camera.
 
The  camera pans  back, now  filming straight-on. Palm  lifting the  skirt, her
index  flicks, licking  the lips  aside, opening  her bared  figlet lewdly. She
spreads her thighs wide, thrusts out her crotch. The camera zooms.
The negro  stands behind  her and pulls the top over head so she stands in just
the boots and  tiny, hipster  skirt. She  thrives. Pushing her little tits out,
she snakes  her hands upwards, nips  the little buds, then, after a sexual lick
of her  lips, she turns, bending right over. The skirt raises, baring the lower
half of a  perfect, tight  little ass. A  finger slides from front, through the
crease and gently rims at the asshole.
Then she  stands and  lifts the  skirt, baring all ass, and looks back over her
shoulder at  the camera. The 'skirt' is a strip of shiny black around her hips.
Her ass pouts, wriggles. It is perfect, marked by the line of tiny bikini pants
- just as if she were wearing some.
The negro  steps forward and cups it in mighty paw. He motions for the brunette
to stand  in front  of the  girl, then  pushes the  girl to her knees. The girl
looks up at the brunette and reaches for the zipper on the leather shorts.
Gently  she draws it  down and  the brunette pushes the shorts down her thighs,
standing  with black-haired  bush inches from the girl's face. She backs, half-
sits on the table, thighs spread, cunt waiting, shorts around her booted feet.
The girl  sees what  is expected  and eagerly  shuffles  forward  on her knees,
looking  at the  negro for consent. Consent comes in the expression on his face
and the bulge in his white latex briefs which the blonde is gently squeezing.

I'm quieter  now. Lying  back with  my hands gently keeping cuntie on the boil.
She's spewing  thick juice and  a lovely mess. I draw some of it up, sliding it
over my belly and tits. The stink of horny cunt rises in the heat from my body.
I wish  I could  smell horny  cock-stink too... I slow-motion the blonde's hand
squeezing those bulging briefs and imagine the feel of that hard cock, and soft
balls through the soft latex...
I reach for  the black - and huge - dildo. Cool to the lips, it warms as I push
it  into me. I  splay my  thighs and  push down. I  feel split, burst, raped by
black rubber.
     
The girl's  head is  between the  brunette's thighs, her little tongue darting,
licking, finding  the woman's  clit. The woman pushes the head lower - close-up
of darting girl-tongue in steamy woman-cunt.
The girl  is frigging  herself as  she does it, her hand beneath the hem of the
tiny skirt. She continues when the negro lifts the skirt at back, exposing that
cutey ass once more.
The blonde  stands behind, stroking the crotch of her crimson lycra pants-suit.
She has  a riding crop in her  hand which she trails over the girl's bared ass,
and  under,  to  gently  saw  it  into  the  girl's  cunt.  Bared  ass  squirms
delightfully. The  blonde lifts  the end of the crop to her nose, sniffs it and
smiles.
'Why have you come to us?'
Up to  now the  Negro - no  one in fact - has  said much, so hearing  him ask a
direct question  comes as a shock - even on this, my third time of watching. He
turns the  kneeling  girl, standing  in front  of her, flexing  the crop in his
hands. He is naked but for the white boots and his cock  sways, a mighty, proud
club between his thighs.
'I said. Why have you come ... to US?'
The girl stares at the cock in wonder
'To ... get fucked.' 
The voice matches the petite frame, it is schoolgirlish - put-on perhaps?
'You didn't have to come here to get fucked. So why?'
'She told me  what you did  here, after parties,' the girl said, nodding at the
blonde.
'She said ... said  you do  all sorts .. of  things. I'm  tired of the boys and
their quick poke-fucks .. need more than  that now. And  I want to be TOLD what
to do, not to have to tell boys what to do...'
'Suck my cock.' 
The girl  looks as  if  she has  just been  given  a long-awaited  present. She
shuffles forward  on her  knees, tilts  her head  up to the negro, and puts the
cock in her mouth.
'It smells ... taste's good,' she mumbles, adding 'it smells dirty... like it's
been up a cunt.'
The negro  smiles down at  the girl  looking up. 'What would you do if I said I
wanted to piss in that pretty mouth?'
The girls  mouth closes  over  the cockhead. She  continues  looking up, facial
expression unaltered. The expression is her answer.
'Lick her ass.' The negro  nods to the naked brunette who turns and bends over,
pulling her  ass cheeks  apart. The  same  knee-shuffle. The  face  disappears,
though the tongue can be heard licking greedily.
'What would you do if I told her to shit in your mouth, right now?'
The licking ceases. The  girl freezes, then  her right hand slides to her cunt.
Her face presses tightly into the ass of the brunette... 
Another unspoken answer.
'Look at me!'
'You'd have done it - eaten her shit?'
'I ... was going  to ... try,' the girl says, a little hesitantly. 'It makes me
come when I get my tits shit on, so I'd try licking it too.'
'You'll get your cum,' the negro says. 'Now lie back on the table. I'm going to
fuck you.'
     
I have the base of my dildo in shaking hand. As I watch the girl climb onto the
table and the negro push her thighs apart, I slide my monster out.
Close up. The  girl, lying  back, head  up, watching. The  skirt  is around her
belly, she  still wears  the boots. The  negro has her thighs pinned apart with
those  huge black  paws. The  girl  is split  wide  open - ready  for the  cock
standing up his belly. He moves close in, cock now in hand.
'Aaaahhhh,' the girl gasps as the glistening head enters the equally-glistening
little cunt.
'Oooooh, that feels so fuckingggg ggood...'

'Mmmmmm,' I moan as  the dildo  slides once  more. I keep pace with the action,
wishing someone was here to film me being the filthy bitch.

It's in her, she cranes her neck off the table to watch.
'Get on  her and... fuck that... pretty mouth,' the negro almost groans pushing
and pulling his cock up and down that tight, shaven cuntlet.
A naked cameraman gets on the table, kneels astride the girl's belly and pushes
a long, thin cock between her tits.
'Ooohhh ... fucking .... fucking  s-h-i-ttt,' she  wails as the negro lunges to
the hilt. Her head raises far off the table, the blonde stands behind and holds
it up for  her, so she can  watch the cameraman's cock as it slides between her
tits.
'Fuck my ... Ooooohh  f-f-ffuck ... fuck  my tits while he does me,' she gasps,
pushing her tits against the sliding cock. 
Cameraman does, but  the upstroke is far enough, to just slide between her lips
too. On each  upstroke her  lips slip  over the cockhead. A drool of spit drips
from the side of her mouth. 
Close-up  of black  ass, pushed forward between splayed-wide thigh. The rotate-
fucking of that ass produces a hiss of delighted obscenities.
The camera  moves and  zooms  back to  the girl's  face, twisted  in  orgiastic
delight.
'Fuck my tits off  bastard! No, give  me ... your cock to suck cum in my mouth.
Ooooo Oweiiii! He's fucking well splitting my fanny so full...'
Cameraman kneels  up suddenly, holds his cock down, pointed at her face. First,
she looks disappointed, then realises where she is - what he wants to do...
'Oooh yesss,' she hisses. 'Fuckin' well piss in my face - in my mouth. Do it in
my mouth.'
The mouth  opens wide, the girl reaches up and behind her to grope the blonde's
tits, the blonde who still holds the girl's head to the action.
Cameraman  pauses long  enough, probably  thinking of  his mother-in-law. Then,
raging-hard  turned just-hard  he pisses  hard, over  the head of the girl, the
upward stream taking all by surprise.
He pissed high - over  the girl's head. The stream spatters on the belly of the
blonde.
But now he's pissing into that little face, the eyes shutting tight against the
stinging  blast, opening  again  because the  girl  desperately  wants to watch
herself  get pissed  on. The mouth  is wide and  the stream of piss stops, just
long enough to fill it, then passes down, finally splashing on her tits.
Cameraman  shuffles again and presses his cock into the girl's mouth. She looks
at him with  pleading expression  and pushes back her head against the blonde's
hand-pressure, releasing her head from the cock.
'Smack my tits while I suck you? Please? I want someone to smack my tits...'
Cameraman  doesn't answer. He  pushes his  cock back into her mouth. He doesn't
fuck it though, instead he holds it just inside, wanking it slowly.
'Smack the  bitch's tits  like  she says,' spits  the voice  of the blonde from
above. 'If you  don't, get off her and I fucking well will. I want this bitch's
cunt proper  horned-up for  when I get to strap-on-fuck that pretty thing she's
so proud of showing off.'
The girl  nods, kneading  her own  tits  now. There is a slapping sound, a hard
slapping  sound and  the camera  pans to show the negro's head thrown back. The
mouth  spits forth  something filthy-sounding, like a curse to a devil god, the
lips are drawn back from white teeth, the  eyes pop ... as he fills  that tight
'fanny' full of a black's white spunk.
And she knows it. Feels it. The hips jerk. The  slapping sound continues. It is
the  black's mighty  hands, slapping  fiercely at  the girl's  thighs. He holds
himself firmly embedded in the girl-tight cunt.
'Whip me  while I piss up the bitch's cunt,' he commands, and the brunette does
it.. With  the crop, repeatedly - and  viciously - on  the clenched-tight black
cheeks.
As black pisses up her cunt, Cameraman smacks her little tits, then cums in her
mouth. Then he sits on her tits and shuffles his ass on them. The girl whimpers
softly to herself - until the sound is muffled by Cameraman's ass  on her face.
SHE must be in the ocean now, lost in the waves...

I've been there many times.
And  I'm feeling it  a little now, lying here, the  dildo discarded  and white-
slimed on  the rug beside me. I pull open my cunt and piss in the air, uncaring
about the carpet as I roll my ass in the puddle already on my plastic sheet.

'I'm lying  there,' I  murmur. 'It's  me, the centrepiece - the FuckPiece - and
they're  doing that  to ME. I  can feel that  rape-sized cock fill my cunt with
piss. I can feel my thighs and tits  stinging  where  those hands are slapping.
And  I can feel  that piss all  over me. It's me that's  the filthy-dirty-horny
slut lying there on the table for those perverts' pleasure....'
I still  frig and  fuck with  my hands, though  cuntie has  taken a beating and
wants to  go to bed. This  is the end now, the finale of the film. I piss again
onto my plastic sheet, squirm my ass in it. I'm ready now for that finale.

The girl kneels  up on the  dirty  stone floor, surrounded by blonde, brunette,
negro, two  cameraman, and unattended cameras and tripods. The attention of all
is on her...
The action  now, is muted as  the rest of them  stare at the kneeling girl with
dishevelled  black hair  wisped  and  plastered  on her  neck and over her left
cheek. The  girl who  has been fucked in the cunt, fucked in the mouth. And cum
all over. 'Your staring at me,' she says.
'Do you like me? Like what you've done to me?'
Her hands stray, one to her cunt, the other to her tits.
'Like me like this, wet with your piss, cum all over me, and cunt stuff?'
Her hand  churns at  her cunt. She  brings it to  her face, sniffs the fingers,
then licks them.
'My fanny stinks,' she says. Who wants to fuck my fucked-out fanny?'
Almost  inevitably, she  brings the  other hand to her mouth, diverts it to her
cheek, streaking both cheeks with a war-paint of human scum.
'Who wants to kiss me now?'
Both hands  slide  down her  body, to  that  shorn-shaven  cuntlet. She  splits
herself  wide, then  strokes her  fingertips in the pouting-pink, spunk-smeared
gash. 
'I need a  piss babes.' A naked  Cameraman2 steps to her from the circle. 'Open
your mouth for a drink.'
It opens. She drinks, swallows until he withdraws and then closes her mouth. It
is obviously  filled to bursting. Cameraman2 walks slowly around her, directing
the remainder over her hair, face, tits, belly and back until he is spent.
'Fuckin' horny  bitch never  even batted  an eyelid,' he murmurs. 'Never seen a
slut like this it, even in this place.'
The girl looks pleased. She opens her mouth and empties his piss, down over her
tits and belly.

Briefly, on her  back, on the floor. The blonde lies atop and fucks her with an
incongruous, pink  strap-on. The  blonde kisses  the girl, a long and lingering
kiss. The  girl's  fingernails  scratch, dig  into the  blonde's  back  and the
screwing  cheeks of her ass. The brunette stands astride the blonde's thrusting
ass, and pisses on it.

The girl  looks exhausted  and once more kneels - the centrepiece of the circle
of  perverts. The  blonde and  brunette  stand over her, put their fingers down
their  throats, and  puke over the girl. The girl stares down at her body for a
few moments, then falls backward on the floor, fucking  herself wildly with her
own  fingers. The  others  stand  around  watching  and  groping themselves, or
another...
  
I'm knackered - a  panting, slimy-wet  mess of  sexual delirium, and can't take
any more. I  turn and  lie on my  sheet, squirming my tits and cunt into my own
mess, loving the feel of the crinkly plastic on my hot and sweating flesh.
I turn, lean  back on my beanbag. My  right hand is in its favourite place - my
cunt. I'm  shaking, uncertain  of how this is going to feel, but knowing that I
HAVE to try it...
The fingers of my left hand press down my throat... I wretch, and  puke over my
tits, my  fingers thrashing  my cunt as I stare down my filthy body. It worked.
It was good. I  cum a final  time at the commission of that final, disgustingly
depraved act...
        
I stand, weak - exhausted.
Then stagger exhausted to the bathroom. 
     
'HomeAlone'? Not really!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
