                                                                                 {*f0
' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
                               The Air Dirt Demo

                     Senior Dads Multipart Extravaganza!!

                          By CiH for Undercover Mag..

' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '

It all  started at  the  Fried Bits 3  back in  Easter '95.. Whilst the  mighty
German scene  gave  us 'Lost Blubb' and  French flair  created the sublime 'EKO
System Demo', our top UK coders came up with... Anal Tuck!!

Anal Tuck  was clearly  a quick and  dirty joke demo, a single line joke with a
sharp  punchline, gently  parodying the ultra-serious code junkies who liked to
see their work as 'art' with a capital letter 'A'.. In spite of its very simple
design  and  short  duration, Anal Tuck  had  one  or two, shall  we say hidden
features.. As a 96Ktro entry, it was required to have a digi-music module file,
and yes, it had one embedded within the code, although there was no player code
in  there, the  Senior Dads  preferring  to go  back to basics  with the simple
purity of the soundchip.. 

Another  feature, discussed, but not implemented, could have had a sting in its
tail for any demo unfortunate enough to follow.. This was going to be a  memory
resident  piece of  code which  would crash  the host machine some little while
after  it had finished.. The  end result  could have been chaos, confusion, and
countless coders working on prestigious megademos tearing  their  scalps out in
disgust at their apparently capricious code  which decided to shuffle off stage
left  just  when  it *really* shouldn't  have  done  that in  the middle of the
competition!

Anyway, they didn't do it, so everyone else got off lightly, but it might be an
idea to  take a closer look at  some of these so-called 'Lame' demos in future,
they may hide more than they let you see!
  
The original  personnel of  Senior Dads  happened to include two Maggie people,
also known  as members of  another well-known  games coding crew, who happen to
be, shall we say _Godlike_ in their demeanour! The main person responsible, and
the glue holding it all together was someone rather more _Sinister_!!
  
There was a follow-up in a similar vein called the 'Water' demo, which  managed
to get the  modfile part of  the proceedings involved, as well as all the other
brainblasting stuff that came before..

There was  silence from them for a while, until towards the end of 1996, when a
stunning new  multipart demo appears, also revealing a major change over in the
Senior Dads  line up..  Original  members  Jessie  and  Nonce have stepped back
dribbling out of the limelight, to bring forth the talents of:

Jackson Pollock - Drawings and squiggly stuff 
Dame Vera Lynne - Blowing her own trumpet!

and also the two other original members,

Doddering  Git  - Doing his thing  with the  large print edition of  the Devpak
                  manual..

and last, but not least,

Old Fart - Hitting the others with his walking stick, He's in charge!!

Anyway, onto the demo..

I could  approach this part of the review in a pseudo-serious manner, like  the
review Mr Pink did for Maggie 22, however, there are some interesting issues to
be raised here..

The whole idea of a 'lame' or 'joke' demo really seems to have taken off in the
last  couple of  years.. They  even  get  their  own special  category at Sili-
convention  this year.. Now  you might  think that doing a lame  demo is a soft
option, a chance  to slam together  a few routines  that didn't quite come off,
with some graphics knocked up in five minutes by your kid sister..  Well, to do
it properly, it involves as much  work as  a proper demo with bona fide effects
does..  Yes, we are talking design folks..

Air Dirt  has design  in bucket  loads, the  effects by  conventional standards
aren't  anything  to look  at, but  it all meshes together perfectly.. Even the
music, which  sounds like it  is on the point of dying altogether is synched in
perfectly  with the  different  effects as  they happen.. As a demonstration of
something  not lame, trying  to act lame, but just showing enough of its innate
cleverness to those in the know, Air Dirt is a perfect example..

Now we  consider the  demo on  its entertainment  merits, and here, Air Dirt is
probably the funniest and most entertaining production made in 1996, apart from
the airheaded, faintly offensive and somewhat ungrammatical textual outpourings
that came  with the  Spirits Symposium 4ktro, and  I've got  a horrible feeling
that they *weren't* joking! 

The first parts are fairly standard Senior Dads stuff, dodgy title captions and
a soundtrack  filled  with a  chorus of demented pensioners.. The early effects
such as  the '64,000 dot starfield' is  the sort  of territory  you might  well
expect a  Senior Dads  production  to cover, fairly amusing, but only for those
people  part of the  culture of  demo watching  or making.. No  outsider to the
scene  would expect to  find anything at all funny in here, and that is part of
the  appeal to  those of  us who do 'get the joke'.. Other effects progress, an
artfully glitched 'texture tunnel' here, a comically lumpy '3D Cube' there, and
plenty of work by Jackson Pollock inbetween..

Where the  demo starts  to move beyond the point of merely making you smile, is
with the appearance of the 'DSP Section'.. The soundtrack abruptly gurgles to a
halt, and  changes to a shortish  ineptly looped Abba sample.. The first laughs
start  to escape you, this  demo is moving  beyond mere  wry amusement, and  is
actively  engaging your  humour buds  in single  combat.. Of  course, the 'DSP'
effect is a  typically over  the top Gouraud-phong shaded texture mapped 'Doom'
clone, cunningly diguised as a stereogram..

'Motion Blur' - popular music meets the world of demo coders (again?  I thought
we just did that Abba sample?) as Damon of the well known Britpoppers 'Blur' is
shifted  around the  screen at a  rate of knots, and somehow not quite clearing
quick enough, hence the 'motion blur..'  

The music  speeds up, and  threatens to  jump out of your speakers, as it seems
the climax of  the demo is coming, just when you think it can't get any better,
the 'Dads have one last surprise left for us..

We are  treated to a  punk revival made into little bits of electronic data, as
we get both a stunning guitar and vocal sampled soundtrack, and the magnificent
stage presence of Johnny Roten throwing himself at his  microphone  in only two
frames of animation! It is no good, any lingering  resistance  to the charms of
this demo  is useless, and  you  laugh yourself  stupid.. Some  determined  axe
bending  by an  equally  convincing  Steve Matlock later, and the demo departs,
leaving the lonely sound of keyclicks filling the room..
  
To conclude, this  demo is clearly  one of the best designed demos you are ever
likely to see on the Falcon.. A classic 'sum of all the parts' piece of work..
It has a  sort of  demented  genius about  it that grabs  you by the throat and
leaves you, well, thoroughly *entertained*  - Which is what it is all about, eh
folks!!

- Senior Dads Update -

It appears  that they are  thinking of expanding the range of hardware to bring
their  unique perspectives  to, and  some Amiga  coders may  already have  been
recruited..  Just watch out for them at a big coding party near you!!

 CiH, Jan '97

