                                                                                {*f0                                                                                                                                                                
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        INTERVIEW with TAT of AVENA
                -------------------------------------------       
                  by Moondog of .tnb. - translated by Tat


Hi Tat! First  of all something about you  yourself, even if this  surely isn't
your first  time... how old are  you and what do you do when you're not sitting
in front of your computer coding effects?

- Hi Moondog!  OK, I'm 22  years  old and  studying  for my  second  degree, in
  Computer Science, at  the University of Salford in England. When not coding I
  tend to do all the normal things people do: sleep, work, watch television and
  try to do some other hobbies (there's a question on this later!)


When did  you first come  into contact  with computers, and what was your first
machine? What  sort of computer  do  you have  at home? What do you enjoy doing
with your computer apart from programming?

- February  1983, when  I was 8 years  old. My Dad  brought home a ZX Spectrum,
  with amazing things such as  colour! and sound! I was hooked at once... and 7
  computers later, here is my family today. My main computer  at home is just a
  normal  4-megabyte Falcon, television (no monitor) and 65Mb harddisk. I don't
  do  very much apart  from programming, except  write for Maggie and some word
  processing etc..


Before I come  to Avena, I'd like to know a little about your background in the
scene... how  did you  get into  the  demo  scene? What  were  your first  demo
screens? What happened to Chaos/Digital Chaos after you joined Avena?

- Chaos started in October 1990 with two friends from school (Ben and Ed) I had
  never  seen a demo (I had  only a single-sided floppy drive) until Ben showed
  me some, and  we though they were really good. In 6 months we had the "Double
  Doozer" demo with  most of the main cool ST stuff - without hacking any code.
  Then came "Pandemonium" in 1992 and then we moved to the Falcon.
  At university things  became  difficult, because  I was at another university
  and not  studying computers, Ben  semi-moved to the PC and we got new members
  to become  Digital Chaos. Then the other members found computer jobs and gave
  up demos, so I  decided to kill off the group and join Avena. I knew all  the
  members of Avena because I had lived in Hamburg for a year, and they were all
  even more mad than me!


Avena... You wrote  to me saying that the other Avena members had moved over to
the PC. Can  you give a  roundup of the  group? Who's  still going and what are
people doing?

- It's hard to keep  good contact with  the other members, but Michael (Jet) is
  coding lots  of demo stuff on a PC in C and he really enjoys it. Arne is also
  semi-coding I  think. The other  members have mostly stopped coding; Boris is
  in America for study, Martin (Fried) is working; and no-one knows where Tommy
  is? Most  of the  hard work  on  the  new  demo  will  be  done by the famous
  Agent -t- of Cream and myself.


So how  does it  look for  Avena on the  Atari? Is there anything to come after
this  demo? Do you want  the keep the Avena name going on the Atari or will you
find yourself  a new one? I can imagine that it's no fun being "alone in a demo
crew"...

- I don't know  what we'll do  on the Atari, or  on any other format. I hope to
  make some  intros for  the Falcon  or ST  after this, but am not sure. I will
  definitely update the shell for the ST version of Maggie though.
  I don't  mind using  the  Avena  name, I  think  a  lot of moving  groups and
  changing  names is very  stupid and  boring. The  most  important thing is to
  continue being creative in any way, and that's what I enjoy doing. That's why
  all the problems  with  the Syposium and Siliconvention are so sad...


... and  how do you  view the  large-scale  death of  the  Atari demo scene? At
present  it seems  that everything's  going down  the tubes. Do you think there
will be a resurrection of the scene, or will it die out slowly?

- I think the  death of  the Atari  scene has  been in progress even before the
  Falcon was born. As soon as a bigger computer arrives, lots of people are too
  lazy to use the old computer, or want to do more complex stuff.
  However, I think there  will  still be  people coding on the Atari for a long
  time. Even  many of the  ex-Falcon  coders (Hi Questor) still like the Falcon
  more than the PC. So don't give up yet, it's being going 12 years...


Will you put your Falcon in the corner one day and put a PC on your desk?

- [laughs] I actually  have a nearly new PC on my desk next to my Falcon, which
  I hardly use. It is very fast, has lots of storage... and is so BORING that I
  hate to use it. The only real use is for learning new languages (especially C
  and C++). My  Falcon will be  replaced for  coding only when something really
  interesting appears.


Right, before everything gets out of control here, here are a few subjects that
you can show your views on with a couple of words or a short paragraph...

ATARI              - showed that a great computer doesn't make money

FALCON             - shame about the design details e.g. data bus

AMIGA              - nice machine. Lots of stupid owners though

PC & MICROSOFT     - Bill wants your money!

DEMOS IN GENERAL   - unimaginative

DEMO-SCENE         - dedicated

CRACKING           - pointless but fun (like demos)

INTERNET           - overrated

JAGUAR             - see FALCON

PLAYSTATION        - Fried Bits 3. Corporate.

NINTENDO 64        - Siliconvention? Killed by the PlayStation.

SILICONVENTION '97 - will I have enough money?

"LAMER" & "ELITE"  - ah, memories!

BSE ;-)            - don't ask me, I'm a cow.

UNDERCOVER :-)     - [smiles] An excellent production. Keep going!


Apart from computers, what do you like doing in general (hobbies etc)

- Well I'm a big  football fan, although  I'm terrible at playing sport. I also
  enjoy puzzles, especially crosswords, and I do a lot of reading of literature
  now I have stopped studying it! That's about it. I must get out more...


What's the one thing you really can't stand?

- People asking me what I really can't stand ;-)


Good, I'd like to leave it there, and if you have a message for our readers, do
it here...

- "Enjoy it, whatever it is."


Right, many  thanks for  sparing us a  few minutes of your time, I wish you all
the best and hope to see you at the SiliConvention...

- thanks Eric!


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
