THE HUMANS


The Humans,

Most people believe that the most weird living thing on this planet
is a Lemming. Well it ain't true, the most sicken thing on this 
p[lanet is still, The Human. Were are back in the stone age ( did 
we ever leave ???) and you have to guild this new rase of humans
through a landscape filled with hazards and other things. You will
have to use there existing abilities to help them and improve there
mind by inventing new things. There are 40 levels for you to "crack"
the will almost boil your brains out. There is however no time limit
to each level, but there is a bonus for fast solving them.
You will have to invent fire to burn things that stand in your way
or just to scare of some big dino's that are blocking you path.
These humans are however masters in climbing, in ropes, in ladders
and just standing above eachother to reach what ever they want. You
even can invent the wheel (again) use it rolling, riding or whatever
you want to do with it. In each level you have either to reach a
sertain poit or just obtain a special object. The only way you can
do it is by good team work. If you play it good then you will travel
through time in the middle ages and finaly to the space age. You will
see robots and other electric hazards then...

The main object with this game, as with the super Lemmings game, is
to save a much humans on each level. It doesn't matter if you loose
some cause while you are playing you will meet some other tribes 
that will join you in your quest for life. 

This is a game made by Mirage, a new software house. They aren't quite
sure if they will release this game on Atari ST yet. PC and Amiga 
versions are at the moment under development but for the ST the works
didn't really start of yet. I will hope they manage to make a version on
the ST. I mean it can't be to hard, there is nothing special about
the code you couldn't get done on a Atari !!!!! And if they can't
manage that i would say bye bye to another software house and don't try
to get back on Atari if the Falcon is out. We don't need you then
anaymore !


                                        Bonus Software  


