MERCENARY III

Mercenary III

The gamma system never seems to rest. After our mercenary hat
stop the comet Damocles that almost kill the hole humanity, he
has to risk his live again to save us.
This time its the planet Dion thats been threatend by a disaster.
This time the threat isn't coming from outer space but a human
itself is. The twilight P.C. Bil, we already saw in the first part
of mercenary, is planing to build a mining corp. on Dion North.
This however would have catastrophic concequenses for nature so
our mercenary get on his way to prefend all this.
He has to surge the planet for usefull parts, speak to other humans
for information, and moves around in cars, planes and spaceships.
This all will sound familiar if you already played Damocles.

At the first view the new Mercenary hasn't changed much since the
last time. The basic game is still the same as in Mercenary II
exact the same pictures ans sound, and it all fits in the memory
so no more loading afterwards. The pictures are still the same 3D
fille graphics. But there are some new small elements in this new
game. The teleport, cars and planes are still there but it seems
that surging for means of transport isn't so important anymore. A new
public means of traffic will give you a lift to the most important
places you have to go, but you are a bit limited in your moves then.
And ofcourse, the story is a bit different now and then. The player
can still choose how to play things, a simple discovery through the
gamma system or a confrontation with P.C.Bil.

Six different ways you can choose to defeat P.C.Bil. For the new players
the is a hint book to explane the first five of them. The last one you
have to find for yourself, for the real mercenary freaks amoung us.
You can put Bil on a side track on political, science or military way
just the way you want. 

Well there isn't exactly much new here but enough to keep you playing
it again.  So get this challenge and help the world again is you like
these kind of games...

                                        Bonus Software


