CDS REVIEWS

              ___________
             |CDS REVIEWS|
              -----------
     by N.R.T.H. from the Admirables

IMPORTANT:
---------
This article was written for ADM own mag,but we're now working on another
project (a dentro) so the mag won't be out so soon.I decided to send it to
DBA then.Here's the original text:


Here's a new rubric in the mag,this one.In fact,it's not pretty original 
as I took this idea in the DBA MAG 7 (Thanx to Slimer !!! ).
You probably know now that I really like music and especially one style 
of it,I let you guess which one ..

A REAL LIVE ONE by IRON MAIDEN :
-------------------------------

I have talked about it already in the ... of the issue article,but I'll
come back in this one a little deeper.A second Live album will follow,but
later than it was supposed to.Iron Maiden probably wants to record the
last vocals of Bruce Dickinson.So A REAL DEAD ONE will be available in
September !!! (by the way it makes me happy coz this late means that they
will surely record the concert in Grenoble,and if I and my friend scream
"Up The Irons !!! " loud enough,we'll be on a Maiden album.Cool,eh ?? ).
Let's continue with our basical subject,A REAL LIVE ONE.
This album is a kinda direct successor of LIVE AFTER DEATH.
It's one of the best Live album who were released recently,and it's pretty
normal coz Iron Maiden is a stage crew should I remember it to you ???
It's also a retrospective of the four latest albums that is to say:
SOMEWHERE IN TIME - SEVENTH SON OF A SEVENTH SON - NO PRAYER FOR THE DYING
FEAR OF THE DARK with a little option for Fear Of The Dark(there're 5 
songs from it up to eleven !!! ).
A REAL LIVE ONE makes many studio songs relive such as "Bring your 
Daughter ... to the Slaughter " and " The Clairvoyant " .
The audience is perfectly represented thanx to an excellent soundmixing.
You know what do you have to do right now ..
Something else now,if you want to become the new Bruce Dickinson,write to:
Maiden Vocalist:Sanctuary Music(Overseas)Ltd:The Colonnades:
82 Bishops Bridge Road,LONDON W2 6BB,ENGLAND.


COVERDALE/PAGE by COVERDALE/PAGE :
---------------------------------

The meeting of stars are sometimes doing some good or bad surprise.
This album is the cooperation between David Coverdale(substitute of Ian 
Gillan in Deep Purple,and leader of the dead Whitesnake,vocal) and Jimmy 
Page (ex Yardbirds and of course Led Zeppelin,guitarist).
And the result seems fantastic as soon as the first chords of "Shake my
Tree" are played.It also makes you think about Whitesnake best parts
sometimes ("Feeling Hot","Take A Look At Yourself","Waiting For You"),but
about Led Zeppelin a little harder too ("Easy Does It","Whisper A Prayer
For The Dying",doesn't it sound like an Iron Maiden's album ??? ).
The best of it is in the second part with the bluesy "Don't Leave Me This
Way",a song full of feeling.
Even if David Coverdale,now and then,is singing a bit like Robert Plant,
it's the first time he's as good.   
I'll probably do a special article for the lyrics of it,wait and see ..
The other Admirables might think that there's too much music talk in the
mag,it's up to them so.


THE LAST REBEL by LYNYRD SKYNYRD :
---------------------------------

And if they were going for another fifteen years ??? Their period of 
hibernation is now only a bad memory.
Lynyrd Skynyrd seems to be decided to catch up their wasted time,due to
their success last year in their Europe tour.
"The Last Rebel" shows a new state of mind,of a band now free of his old
devils !!! It's therefore a condensed album,poser(it's less rock so).
Even if the songs "One Thing" and "South of Heaven" are in the sudist-rock
tradition,"Love Doesn't Always Come Easy" and the adjonction of the brass
in "Good Lovin's Heart To Find" or "Nothing Comes Easy" bring something
new.


BITTER SWEET AND TWISTED by QUIREBOYS :
--------------------------------------

Their number 2 is finally there.Retarded thousand times,"Bitter Sweet And
Twisted " is now available(one of the most expensive EMI production, no?).
But it did worth the waiting,almost only because nothing seems to have
changed in the mind of the Boys.
The vocals of Spike are still as good,the guitars still as direct,
everything for the drink-rock.
Listen to:"Tramps And Thieves","White Trash Blues","Can't Park Here",
"Brother Louie",or "Wild Wild Wild".
We feel anyway that they have the desire to increase their music,to change
their way to rock,so much that they go to the blues with "Ode To You Baby
Just Walk".
We'll notice also an utilisation of the brass,and an important attention
brought to the calmer "King Of New York" or "Take No Revenge". 


DREAMS OF THE CARRION KIND by DISINCARNATE :
-------------------------------------------

After having turned around for a while,after having been from several 
bands such as Death,Obituary and Cancer,James Murphy created is own band
and he decided to release a cd.
"Stench Of Paradise Burning" and "Confine Of Shadows" remind the sea-green
atmosphere of "Blessed Are The Sicked" by Morbid Angel.
But it sometimes kill the 'death',like for example in the song "Immemorial
Dreams",where the delicacy is too much present.
All in all,it's not very convincing,even if James Murphy is always as good
with his guitar,listen his solo in "Sea Of Tears" to understand !!! It's
totally amazing !!!


POWERTRIPPIN' by THE ALMIGHTY :
------------------------------

After a first album "Blood Fire Love" which didn't really show all their
possibilities,a live "Blood Fire Live" and a good "Soul Destruction",the
Almighty had to prove their talents with this third realisation.
They have totally succeeded !!! Ricky Warwick and his friends fired out
Tantrum to include the guitarist Peter Freezin (ex-Alice Cooper),and took
an excellent productor : Mark Dodson (Suicidal Tendencies).
Their sound became then more modern,drier,they lost their heavy-rock side
a little bit to go in an ungainly and aggressive atmosphere("Addiction",
"Possession","Meat Hook") which is for a lot in the success of 
Powertrippin'.
The mid-tempo songs such as "Takin' Hold" or "Over The Edge" take here a 
dimension they would never had on the previous albums.
Also on "Powertrippin'": "Jesus Loves You " , "Powertrippin".
This album is still very melodic,and "clear".
Sometimes,the sound make you think about Motorhead or even Alice in 
Chains.
Quireboys and the Almighty are really the english revival(Little Angels 
being out of date for a while !!!).
The Almighty will do the first part of Iron Maiden tour in Grenoble,hope 
they'll be good !!! They should ...

 
