MAGGIE REALTIME ARTICLE 1
~SPECIAL1.FIL~
        The Maggie 5th Birthday Party Real-Time article..

Here you see for DBA,the complete, and unexpurgiated text from the 
event  loosely  known  as the Maggie 5th Birthday  Party..  A  few 
friends  were  invited  down for the 19th  August,  some  of  them 
actually turned up, things happened through the day, and Maggie 18 
was finally finished off in the very very late hours..

A  version  of  this  text,  complete with a  'full'  show  report 
embedded in with the real time text will follow in Maggie 19, find 
out  about  the mystery soap-drowner,  parallel processing on  the 
Commodore 64, German ST mags, and not much more!!?

In  the meantime,  enjoy the day as it was written in the heat  of 
the moment!!

-= CiH =- The week after..

--------------------------------------------------------------------
This is the start of the real-time article... where's the chip shop?

August 18, 1995

TO BEGIN WITH

Well, the first person to raid the keyz is me, Vogue of Skynet. The
time is 10.16pm, and we've just arrived at CIH's flat in Northants.
The coach that me a RiCH took was slow and the 4 hour journey was
most bollox. Also here is: Kev, Tat, Rich Felice, Leon, Ripley, Moi,
and also the man himself, Chris H.

Tonight will be the biggest squash ever as there will be about ten of
us in Chris' titchy flat. Oh well, I doubt we'll be getting much
sleep anyway!! In the morning we'll be moving to the hotel room here
in Rushden for the main 'bulk' of the party.

We've been looking at the new '030 Maggie shell as it stands at the
moment. Kev is now answering the questions to enter the hidden
article. Ripley, who wrote the questions, is here so we're not having
to much difficulty.

PROLOGUE (THE FIRST OF MANY)

Over the next 36 hours, the world will be thrusted into new
dimensions of computer technology as the new Maggie shell is
released. Also excessive amounts of Coke will be drunk. I've bought 6
cans of Gateway cola - major piss up here we go type style thing.

Bollox to that, I'll let someone else on the keyz.............
Eeerrrrrmmmm.........

Well, I've just been offered this dinky keyboard by John .. sorry,
it's Felice here .... up to my old tricks again!!!

Why the fuck do women drivers insist on driving at speeds of less
than 30 mph on the roads around here?  I had to do some pretty nifty
overtaking to get past a fair few of them earlier on tonight.  As
soon as I got here it was 'Hello and Goodbye Leon & Ripley' - for CIH
dragged me out - back to my car again - and told me in no uncertain
terms to drive to Northampton.  Still, unlike the system that is ued
in Cambridge with the infamous tow-away scheme (yes, more infamous
than Sobibor!!!!) (well, maybe not.)

So, here I am, with all the guys (correction, there is a girl here
too by the name of Ripley .... ) No, not the one from Alien (did
anyone see that on TV recently?), sadly not Sigourney Weaver, nor
Meredith Salenger, but what the hell, she's sexy anyway......

Just thought ... one of our famous article writers who appeared in
issue 18 after a long break is celebrating his 30th wedding
anniversary this weekend.  Congratulations Del and Thelma, hope you
like the present (I wasn't sure if you had a CD player or not, but
there you go!)  Hope you have a good day & evening and .... what
exactly DID the family organise for you in the end???  

They're all playing a game called Asteroidia at the moment, but
someone seems to be unsure as to which joystick port to use (ie a Jag
pad or a standard one)

Asteroidia reminds me of Megaroids .. but it is much better than
that, I'll grant you .. Oops CIH's Falcon has just reset itself...

Hey, it's on again now .....

We've got an advertisers (ie preview) issue of Atari World Issue 5 -
it looks good as usual .. with a review of ST News issue 10.1!  No,
that isn't a mistype, no it wasn't really Issue 1.2 written back in
1985 (was it??? I forget) this was the dogs bollocks, actually issue
10.1!  It got a good score as well and was presented as a
utility...which is a surprise to me personally but there you go!

My greets, I think, now .. no doubt these will be greeted again by
whoever else uses this portable (someone keeps farting .. maybe
someone (not me) had an Indian meal last night.  That's one of the
reasons why I keep off Indian food, as CIH well knows, I go in for
the running of International Loudest Farting Competition! - without
needing to have an Indian in the first place.

Where was I ... ok, the greets.....

CIH ... for the use of his little flat (there again it isn't that big
but we're (well I am at least) all comfy)

Leon ... an excellent Falcon-only Maggie shell for issue 18!!! When
can we have the source-code for it??

Kev ... I have enjoyed seeing your pics on the recent issues of
Maggie .. long may they continue!

Harald of Lazer ... thanx for the emails .. hope your holiday went
well.  The Lost Blubb demo was superb .. and it HAS been shown on
American TV on their show 'The World of Demos' ... this is also shown
in Canada, where my cousin saw it.

Joanna Pacula .. I presume you are still reading Maggie, as I have
noticed that whatever I write over the years seems to get noticed.
I enjoyed your recent movie 'Last Gasp' - welcome back to the world
of good movies!!!!  Even though your other recent stuff has been OK
as far as you are concerned .. still it is nice to have another
classic out here.  More of that would be more than welcome!
I'll be setting up a Web page devoted entirely to you soon, so keep a
lookout for it!

Meredith Salenger ... what a pleasure to see your movie 'April
Morning' last night .. supplied to me by a very good friend from
Germany who runs the Tommy Lee Jones Newsletter .. and you'll be
seeing this soon in a forthcoming issue of Maggie.  I look forward to
seeing Village of the Damned in October .. from what I hear it is
good.

Rutger Hauer ... what are these rumours floating around that you
enjoy dressing as a woman?? I hope that is not what I think it means
... ie you are doing this for research into your next movie???

It looks like Devpac is on-screen at the moment .. and Leon is coding
away merrily on high.......

Now Maggie 18 is working again .. well, it wasn't NOT working before
.. but I think Leon was trying to grab some screens from Asteroidia.
Now the screen has been dimmed .. what's going on now?

Bye Bye Feline Felice!! Vogue back now, bringing you 'chit-chat' from
the hip-hopping pooh-plopping cow-tipping Maggie fifth birthday
party.

While I have the keyz, I must put in a plug for 'Far Out Dadio'
T-shirts, that are available at Greenbelt, Pheonix, Glastonbury and
Soul Survivor festivals. Don't delay, buy one today!!

No-one really wants to type at the moment, so I'll just save this and
bogart off for a while.......................

CiH logon..AT LAST I arrive, it is 11.33pm Greenwich extremely tight
time, and I finally get to have a go at this realtime article verbal
abuse thing.. 

At the moment I am in a room with seven other people who have a black
belt and masters degree in making the worst possible use of the very
limited available room.. These are Leon, Kev, Leon's sister Natasha,
Tat of Digital Chaos, or who may BE Digital Chaos, if the rumours are
correct.. Also John (Skynet), Rich (FOG) Davey, and Felice, (Rich S.)

I must check if someone has not done this before??

The rest of the evening seems to be spent impersonating a
taxi-driver, as I made three separate trips to Northampton to collect
most of these people.. (Whaddya mean, mate, I had to use my car for
at least one of these!....Felice)  (BUT we did agree to share  the 
driving beforehand, remember?!! - CiH)

Bags, bags, bags, we must sort something out if we are to carry on
breathing, probably everyone will end up taking home everyone else's
personal possessions.. OK if I swop Kev's Falcon and Jag for a tube
of toothpaste!!!

 Just caught first sight of the new Digital Chaos routines, and they
are WIKKID!

Kev has had some chips, but did not like them, "You can't win with
chips" he say..

"Chips always have the last word.." I wisely say..

"But what is that last word?" Queried Leon, totally killing the
conversation stone dead..

"Everything works with GODLOAD!" Says Leon, "I scoff at Mini-Boot!" -
Leon scoffs, but the chips are long gone, just junk food left..

Thanks for that CiH, Vogue back now. I guess I must be the editor of
this file as everyone gives this laptop back to me when they've
finished typing. I hope they don't expect me to check everyone's
spelling :-(

Now the Falcon is doing nothing, and in the mean time we're taking
the wicked piss out of the Edge magazine... Tat bought a copy along.
Why does he want it in the first place???

Hey, cool. God-paint has appeared on the screen. Leon is complaining
how old the version is. Perhaps it's because you haven't sent Chris a
recent one, Leon!!!???

The pile of disks on top of the computer is growing fast. I hope
everyone doesn't get their disks muddled up when it comes to going
home.

Haha Chris' hard disk has temporarily buggered, so we're replacing it
with Kev's while it cools down.

Guess who is back!!!! (Clue .. I'm in love with a certain actress
called Meredith!

We've got Kev's Falcon plugged in now, to give CIH's a rest -
methinks the power supply may be playing up.....

It's battle of the old mags now .. RiCH Davey has a copy of C&VG from
August 87 and CIH has turned up with a mag called 'Home Computing
Weekly' - mention of the C16 (sorry) has just been made (and
someone's got the farts again cos' there's a huge stink around
here....AAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!!!!!!!

There's a copy of the hated Edge mag (?) here now, but luckily it
does not have any mention of that stupid BBC mascot, Mr Blobby (at
least I hope it doesn't!)

Time is now 12:25 (silent fart here from me, sorry guys) and I'm
going to go soon .. no doubt I'll be back for the party later on
today (whaddya mean it's already started???)

Ta for that little escapade into the realms of beyond Felice!
Thinking of realms, we are current watching the Realms of Depth demo
by Hydroxid. Some nice effects and music, even if sound IS through
the monitor - we haven't plugged the other Falcon into the hi-fi yet!

Have we just worked out the way into a hidden screen?? I dunno??

Nads! The hidden screen contains all old ST chip tunes! Good for old
time's sake I suppose!! Everyone's talking about how they used to rip
the chipzaks.
Tara for now!

---

Tat can hit his forehead causing his skull to crack onto the wall -
and this is the future of UK demo coding...

Tasha is sooooo kind letting me sit on my bed.

Why do Commodore feel they have to make keyboards like this...?

Liverpool 4  1 Sheffield Wednesday
Rush 2         Errr, some old bloke
Collymore
Fowler

Goodbye.

sh3

---

VoGue back...

We are looking at Felice's articles for Maggie 18 - they're *really*
good (!) He must have taken ages to type the one on his trip. Oh
well, it's something to fill up the disk.

Doesn't Tronic like to tell us what he's a member of... Effect AND
Kuba AND Arsenic. Soon he'll add 'AND 1st Bromley Scout Group AND My
Mum's knitting club AND The Power Rangers Fan Club'.
Don't worry mate, we love you, lots...

[Time Check 1:47am 19.8.95]

We are into the early hours of the morning now, on the night before
the party. Only seven people in CIH's flat now, who are:-

          Ripley of RG (Tash O'Reilly)
          Mr. Pink of RG (Leon O'Reilly)
          CIH/Maggie (The host)
          Kev
          Tat
          RiCH
          Myself (VoGue)

We are currently looking at RiCH and co's new Falcon slideshow
stunning high res pictures in only 16 colours.
Slightly wierd greetings screen, but still a very original
concept.....

See yas in a tick.....

CiH back - 2.34am ROLL UP, roll up, get your daily sump here.. Leon
has hit a few TOS version related bugs, nothing serious, but slightly
annoying.. Leon is moaning about this.. So I'm being penalised for
being an early adopter and leading the way for others to FOLLOW!

Meanwhile, RiCH is going all retro on us,and has dug out his Speccy
emulator.. Varying success rate with Alien 8 now appearing.. In an
eerie silence, everyone else has stopped work and is looking on in
amazement.. Did you know that there is room in the Falcon DSP's
internal zero wait state memory for the total speccy RAM twice over!!
Yes - 96k, a complete emulation system including ROM should happily
live inside the DSP.. Just think of the blinding speed that 3-D
Starstrike would gain with the 32MHZ!! Totally unplayable, in fact..

Right, I'm a wee bit tired already,and averaging several mistakes a
line, time for a caffeine injection..

Signing off for now- CiH

VoGue...

Just tested the Skynet Times shell on yet another Falcon, and it
works no probs. Tomorrow I'll test it on a TOS 1.6x STE (hopefully).
Then it will have been tested on just about every Atari platform
possible (Expect the TT/Mega - but no-one uses these machines
anyway!).

RiCH is now copying mass amounts of files from Kev's Falcon to his
extenal hard drive. Kev's Falcon has a strange cord coming out of the
top. Most odd - I think it's for the sound.

Now RiCH is fiddling with Apex Media, running his cool animations...

Who can I (we) take the piss out of in the nicest way possible??

How about Vic Lennard?... Chris....?

But he's dead or something, isn't he?

Yes, I think he's going through a dormant stage.
Perhaps he'll return in the Edge magazine???

Don't be silly chappie, dead means dead, but perhaps a spell on
Amstrad Action?

But surely the Amstrad is as dead as Vic is?

The Amstrad is dead
  and so is Vic
   but they were both
    alive at one time
     or other,
  In a place I can't remember
at this time,
 variously..

E.J. Felice aged 3 and a quarter.

Well, that just proves that maybe there is a light at the end of the
tunnel.. I think it's an oncoming train!?

Let's leave that there before it goes any further!!!

VoGue signing off.. [Time Check: 3:41 am - 19.8.95]

The time has come to do something with the good old Delta Force
version of the shell, so me, CIH and Leon will get 2 work on that...

[Time Check: 4.28am]

Well, the ST version of Maggie 18 is almost ready for completion,
just a few more articles to pack. The Falcon version is in need of a
bit more work though....

YYYYYAAAAWWWWWWNNNNNNN!  Good God it's late.. or is it early?  Oh
whatever, all I know is that I'm so tired I'm gonna fall asleep on
the spot.  This is RiCH here by the way.  I've just got an all time
high score on Tautology II, CIH is sat on the floor editing the ST
version of Maggie, Kev and Tash are kinda dozing to sleep on the
settee and others are busy fiddling with computers or sleeping bags.
Still, thats life :)  The coach journey down here was very hot and
boring!  It took about 5 hours too.. that wasn't so good.  Still, its
about 5am now and getting close to when the actual convention starts
for real!  I think I'm gonna get some kip now.. or read a book or
something, I don't know... geeeee... yawwny yawwny.  Anyway I'll
report back tommorow morning, err this morning, oh what the heck I'll
give you some more feedback when some more people arrive and things
get kicking in the hotel!  Bye bye from a sleepy RiCH.

VoGue...

Everyone is now asleep except me, as I've playing around on one of
the Falcons we have here... It seems that the only time I can get on
a computer is when everyone else is asleep. Perhaps I might join
em........

--------------------------------------------------------------------
The first session endeth, all sleep, then dawn skips in on tiny feet 
--------------------------------------------------------------------
~RED_GREN.PAL~
