MOVIES
~KRATER.FIL~                ---- Movies ----

I've been to a lot of movies lately... This is due to the fact that 
the modern Dutch television has almost nothing interesting to offer
to the viewer. Below I've written some small reports on some of those
movies. Some of them are not so fresh any more in my mind, so don't 
blame me if I make some mistakes in the reviews. I am just suffering
from coders-lazyness... (I know I must do some things but I just push
the tasks away for a few days... This results in a bit of memory loss...)


--- Casper ---

I had called XTC of Sentry about the Fried Bits party and some other
coding stuff... He pointed out to me that Casper was just the kind of 
movies to see for the special effects which were created by the computer.
And he was right. To my personal humble opinion I think that it is not
so impressive as we are used to nowadays. (Maybe I had expected to much 
from it.) All in all a very good movie for little children. The story 
isn't very complicated, and is fun to watch. (For children that is.)

Furthermore all the ingredients for a (good) children's movie are here.
We have a father who is chasing ghosts with his daughter. We have some 
bad ghosts. Of course the friendly ghosts is present. We have a very bad
person, and a person who hangs around the bad person who isn't really 
that bad...

Talking about the last person. This person is a (former) member of the 
Monthy Python's flying circus crew... So it isn't surprising that this
person brought the humour into this movie... (His Brittish accent helped
a lot with his task...)

Talking about the special effects. I found them not so impressive as...
let's say Terminator 2... But all in all it became quite clear to me that
a number of workstations have had a quite some work with this movie.

Conclusion: A good childrens movie... Nothing more, nothing less. This
all is due to the fact that this movie is entertaining, but not spectacular. 

That's it for our friendly little ghost, and on with the next movie...


--- Apollo 13 ---

This is another great movie with Tom Hanks as leading-actor. This movie
is all about the famous astronaut Jim Lovell and his disasterous flight
of the Apollo 13.

Jim is a NASA astronaut who has done some fligths to the moon. But he
isn't scheduled in for the next flight in the Apollo-sequence. It won't
be his turn to go back to the moon again until the Apollo 15. But due
to unexpected reasons the current Apollo crew can't go to the moon with
this flight.

So the planned holiday of Jim has got to wait till next year... Next
bus-stop the moon.

And on the 13th minute of the 13th hour of the 13th day (of the 13th 
month ;-)) it all went wrong.

The Apollo 13 was definetly leaking a gas of some sort into space. 
Panic on the ground-stations and fear for the crew...

The film-crew of Apollo 13 have done their utmost best to bare all the
facts in mind. They left no expenses to make the film as realistic as 
possible.

And this shows. To create some of those realistic effects they needed to
do some shots in ZG (Zero Gravity). To create this stunning effect, the
film-crew went to NASA-astronaut-training. NASA had developed a way 
to train astronauts in ZG conditions.

To get the effect in the film the entire crew (actors, cameramen etc..)
where dumped in a plane. The plane flew quite steep towards the upper
regions, when the plane had reached enough altitude, it went over the 
top, and went straight back to earth... (Free falling that is.)

When the plane is free-falling,  the film-crew within the plane where
weight-less. These are quite good conditions to do some ZG-shots. 
At this point the crew has a very tight time-limit, because the plane
could only free-fall for about ten minutes. (If the plane would fall longer
than then minutes, no one would survive long enough to tell about it.)

So, Tom Hanks and the rest of the crew have done quite a few ZG-jumps.
But it all adds up to the reallity of the movie.

This movie is well worth watching. Especially when you are interrested 
in the astronaut-bussiness. Tom Hanks has spend quite a long time with
Jim Lovell. And there where always people from NASA on the set as 
technical advisors.

--- Waterworld ---

The most expensive movie of all times with Kevin Costner. Rumour has it
that this movie made Costner almost loose his (financial) hat. 

This movie has had a quite troublesome start (just like my Falcon) and
I am not overreacting at this point. The (original) director had left 
the set mad in a very early stage. (His comment:" It is impossible to 
work with Costner.")

Costner was constantly dissagreeing with the producers, during the 
shooting of the movie.

Every time when they had the set in position (at open sea) the weather-
conditions let them down. So everybody could set the sails back to the
harbour.

There are still some actors lost at open sea.

Stunt-men where deadly injured. 

And Costner's wife decided to leave him during the movie.

So you could say that old "Kevy" has gone through a rough time. But 
never-the-less...

This is a very good Science Fiction. All Special effects are very good.
There is enough action in this movie, and it has a very strong story-
line. There are no (visual) computer-effects. But in these days you can 
never know. (See Forrest Gump for extra comment on this issue)

This is also a very entertaining movie. Also very much worth watching. 

--- Forrest Gump ---

Another great movie with Tom Hanks as leading-actor. Tom Hanks plays
Forrest Gump. A not so very bright boy. You could say just a stupid 
boy. "But stupid is as stupid does" As Forrest says it. 

I'll skip straight to the very interresting part. At first I also
thought there where no computer-effects used in this movie. But
one of the new TV-stations in the Netherlands showed a very interresting
Forrest-Gump-production Report. 

Forrest meets the president at a certain time in this movie. He even 
makes it on television while shaking the hand of the president. It
turned out to be quite difficult for Tom Hanks to shake the hand of 
John F. Kennedy on old black and white footage. 

Normally they would get a J.F.K. look-a-like and do the complete shot.
But no not this time. They figured it would add up to the reality of
the movie when they would let Forrest shake hands on the original 
footage.

They took the original footage. Let Tom Hanks shake hands in front
of a blue-screen.  And the computer took care of the rest.
The computer made it look like Tom really shook hands with J.F.K.
The computer has taken a lot more of these effects for it's account in
this movie. And the great part is, you can not the special effects from
the real thing. 

A small thing about the movie:

At first I want to say that it is very difficult to put this movie in
a specific place. I mean you cannot say that this is an action-movie, 
because it isn't one. You definetly cannot say it is a comedy because
... and so one.

But this movie set your mind of wondering. If you have seen this movie
it really put's you thinking. 

I cannot say that this is a family movie, because I think that little
children will not understand the deeper meaning behind Forrest Gump.
But this movie certainly has got something to offer to everybody.

--- Round up ---

Okay, I think that this is enough blabber on movies. All movies where
quite interresting in their own way. If you don't believe me go and
see for yourself.

                     --- O.T.M. of the D.B.A. ---


