ERROR IN LINE 2oo3

                      LET`S DO IT IN REALTIME!!!


14:2o  Arf... after some troubles with my little 52o ST (I took the wrong
       power supply and wasn't able to connect the floppy drive to copy a
       -useable- editor to the harddisk) that were solved with Normi's
       honorous help, we finally installed this little traditional article,
       again...

       so write! greetings, moondog (the serious suckers corp...)

14:37  Dbug: ÆArghhh, zabotachhh, das ist eine qwertzuioppppp kezboqrd !!!Ø

14:38  Finally, we're here... This place looks great. Let's see how an Error
       in Line party can look like in a place like this ! First of all,
       let's find some place for sleeping ...

       Zerkman.

15:03  twh/f2 just found the realtime texter and proudly setup his great
       atari 130xe in the non-smoking area ... dammnit *g
15:08  Gerry: Just played Lotus 2 on an Amiga to warm up.

15:15  Thothy arriving at the party place - looks good here!

??:??  MSG/rg hey, just thought I'd say hey!

16:1o  hier geht ganix... moondog

??:??  Eric mecker net dauernd :) Lazy :)

18:5o  errr... what's up? .... nothing... as always :)

20:15  I and my friends from Czech republic arrived before 1 hours, a few
       minutes before boy from Slovakia. We can see for the first look some
       well know people, take reserved table of our friends for us and now
       is time for the second look on place.
       Of course we spoke with Norman Feske, he give me question who he is
       and I was tell him a right answer. (In fact, I was not sure, but
       please, don't speak it nobody.
                                                Zdenek


20:44 Woooo, a realtime article!! Just have to write a line or two. I just
      have to complement the arrangers for having great prices on the beer!
      //Ham - IMPonance

20:00 hi ppl slovak crew is here ! Xi/Satantronic, MiKRO & BAKY arrived !!

20:05 Tak a sme tu...divne...zatial to vsetko prebieha az napodiv dobre...
      ale este sa to vsetko moze zmenit...ideme nahodit nejake Atari trika..
      xex...to bude sranda...
                                                          -XI-/Satantronic


20:47 Well well, Error in line 3, finally. The new place is quite nice
     although i think the old place was a tiny bit better :) Seen lots
     of familiar faces but i haven't had the time to say hi to all of them
     as of yet. Currently i am waiting for the first partysize pizza to
     arrive. Well, bbl later or something. //Baggio

20:55 Haha the MNX crew is already drunk and having a good time... we brought +
      our first ethernet connection interface for the 8-bit atari
      But now the most important thing we want is pizza!

20:56 KEEP IT REAL...... ENJOY EIL3 to the max....!

20:05 hey guys (damn German keyboard!) it's only 8pm and not 9 :) are you all
      drunk ?

20:15 yessss.. the 8-bit scene is growing on eil :-) ... so this is why
      I'm here, because xl/xe rulez da world!!!

20:30 Interesting. I've never seen so many massive scandinavian people sitting
      in front of tiny Apple iBooks. Looks very nice. Seems as if they are
      going to look somewhere inside their palms; the computers are that small
      they vanish behind their sight. Very nice, did I tell?
      BTW: 1st beer open. Ya-Hoo, let's start.
      FXL/TNB

20:39 Seems we've got people from different time zones here.:)
      Anyway, just stopped by to read the entries. Waiting for my
      Pizza.
      nemo

2o:54 heya, this will be a "preview" competition as it seems, kewl :) ...btw,
      the steady absence of writers on this article gives the impression that
      all are some kind of productive... aren't they? moondog

20:58 hiya, it's stghost there... i just arrived a few minutes ago, and now
      i need alot of food in order to be able to transfer all my stuff into
      the partyplace ;-)



21:00 the german 8-bit crew "foundation two" grows!!! now the members Mr.XY,
      RIK and Mad Butscher have arrived!! yeah. let's party.....


21.11 det var en jÑvla pizza!
      60*40cm..  nam nam.
      /evil (wimp that didn't even finish half of it!)


21:31 it's the first time I come to an EIL party and I hope there will
      be a lot of interesting productions (damn German keyboard)...
      see ya later.
      Strider
      BTW, why is there 7UP? It's not a text processor, it a text
      destructor... Everest rulezzz!


21:40 TXG and Fox-1 of MNX are still waiting for a pizza!


21:53 Finally have some time to leave a note , Mr.XY has arrived,
      XL built up, starting to work on "Return of the Moving PÅschel!"

22:15 Beer's good. Cool outside, warm inside *hups*. Maka lot of music here.
      FXL



22:20 The pizza was really good, as usual. I managed to finish 1/2 a
      partysizepizza while evil didn't even manage to finish 3/4 of the
      other half. I've just been to the gym to set up the sleeping-gear.
      I think i made a misstake buying a 159*199*13cm airmatress.
      //Baggio - Not hungry anymore.

23:00 Cool, cool event ... MoAco/F2

23:o1 we brought saulot from the trainstation... maybe the only polish
      atarian on eil#3? moondog

23:53 sts is bqck on these piece of torture called a keyboard :P Nice ppl
      around, been talking to quite a lot of them and I still have to meet
      many of the others... 4 days you said ? Long enough I hope. we rule
      btw !

0025 dutch is taking over tha place :)

0108 this is the first time i visit a demo party i am just a crazy dutch
     ... chemmad

01.13  CiH has entered the building, let the party start!
       East German motorways are very wet and dark, they suck donkey's
       knobs somewhat.

       I'll logon properly when I'm feeling less journey frazzled.

o2:oo already... arf... and i'm a bit tired, it seems we're getting old
      slowly. yawn... moondog

02.10 Stupid asm code .... someomne can told me why it always bug !!!
      Dune bugging rulessssss

02:30 MC Lotek Laser Style on the keys hummm... es wird knapp!!! :)

??.?? too tires.. nzt hajottaa. mÑ men nukkun kun onnstuin jo tuhomaan pÑtkÑmn
      cih:N teksiÑkin womi kills last few lines.. of to sleep..

03.22 CiH back, still calming down after the overlong and over-damp journey
      here. I have a very temporary and very ugly name badge, which refuses
      to stay attached to my person, and keeps falling off, so I have to
      play "Hunt the Badge". The first time some kind person found it and
      relocated it back to my temporary Akorn powered CiH GHQ. The second
      time, just now, it cheekily hid under the very table this realtime
      is being powered upon! I'm not sure what to do about this troublesome
      item of lapelwear, for if I stick it in my pocket, it decided to stab
      my finger for me!

      Clearly, me and this namebadge are not destined to get along with each
      other!

o3:36 errr... i saw already some nice impressions of demo that may see the
      light here or some days after the party... i'm very impressed!
      moondog

04:05 argl getting too old for this kind of party, can't stay awake any longer
      so try to find some place to sleep for some hours, hope it won't be
      too cold out there in the gym
      Mr.XY

06:20 frost at the keyboard. we just arrived with zigo, edo and his brother.
      damn, i'm tired coz of the 10 hours on the road. gotta play a little
      on the dreamcast and install my falcy.

06.30 it is runnimg after 5 hours of york ....... Arf dune touch

06:3? earx on the keys. arg, lack of sleep + german kbd is weird.
      keeps you on your toes maybe. just met wiztom some hours ago.
      funny to see one of the famous oldschool falcon coders not knowing
      his way around an atari texteditor *lol*.
      seriously, damn fun party altho i have a feeling it will all be over
      too soon.
      people showed me some cool stuff. thanx mad butcher, escape, cp, tscc.
      also nice suprise to see chemmad here, who seemed to have learned about
      eil exsting just 1 week week ago!
      well, off to kill dspdit now.

06.55 CiH back from the "jedi" sleeping room. It has a dark side, and a light
      side. Fear led to anger, and anger led to hate, so I slept, or more
      accurately, suffered on the dark side.

08.30 Ok time for other coders to code and i need to sleep see u in few hours

08:26 The first night was quiet, I guess everybody must be tired because of
      the poor quality of the highways... 8-)
      //Strider

09:07 What highways? I don't have any ones on my way, I must go over 1000000
      villages. What can be more bad?                Zdenek

09:35 As i went to the sleepingroom for some SLEEP!!! After setteling my cosy
      nice and warm bed, I woke up with a terrible, horrifi-ign sound.!!
      Some next to me was try-ing to cut down the entire forrest of Germany!
      I think they call this person Zerkman!!

09:46 Quiet, where was is quiet ? Can't sleep cause some chummers started to
      shower and drying their hair at 7.30 !!! Why can't everyone go asleep
      at 4:30 and stay up at hmmm 10 ??? Mr.XY

1o:oo arf... back to life or something, i just have to point it out again,
      i'm slowly getting too old for this stuff, esp. after some tormenting
      sleep in my car, again, i'm asking myself: "what the hell are you doing
      here again?"... the answer bounces back very fast: "the same procedure
      as every year, dumbass!"... ok... so i shut up... :) moondog

10:12 SKITJéVLAMORGON!!!

??:?? i'm lost in time.... is it daytime or the light of monitors???

11:57 I had a good nights sleep in the gym on my luxury airmatress. Apparently
      the earplugs i brought was efficient enough. Right now i'm waiting
      for my lunch to arrive and later on i'll see if i can borrow a falcon
      somewhere and make some noise or something. //Baggio

12:o1 realtime editing goes as slow as demo development... :)

12:18 argh!! everybody is getting pictures, i'm getting blind!!!!

12.50 CiH, I've handed in my compo entries. A couple for the Ascii Art, which
      you might well expect..

13:?? earx here. damn. lack of sleep is strangely enough a welcome experience
      havent't had a decent atari party in ages. i gotta say again that the
      partyplace is top! ppl are all friendly. wheather is shit. but who cares!
      no compo entry from me. yeah, don't ask. just seems like a shame to
      release a demo after this great party. hhmm, my head is running in a
      loop. not much more to say.. burbll blub meow woof baaaahh!

13:34 good beer, good pizzas, cool people. I love this party. zerkman

14:oo damn... the first deadlines are set, what do you think, are they hard
      or soft ones? means 16:oo in reality 22:oo?! questions over questions
      moondog

14:27 I've strawled around for awhile now and met most of the interesting
      at this place. I look forward to the competitions tonight although
      my contribution will not be shown untill tomorrow. //Baggio

15:00 arf moondog dead lines not easy to respect ... chuck/dune

14.30 Second attempt at handing in compo entries just done. Just waiting for
      the next redesign of the entry registration forms now ;-) CiH

14:48 I was reading this text when Niels Feske came to me and asked
      who he is. I answered correctly again (see above), so it seems I am
      very good this year. (Well, I don't have another possibility, because
      I met Norman yesterday).
      Today Thorsten told me than the weather will be better in the afternoon
      and the sun will shine. I returned from the city short time ago, wet
      and with pieces of ice on my head and I am not sure which Saturday
      of this year he spoke about.                        Zdenek

15:05 I like this party very much. It is a many interesting people here
      and a constructive atmosphere. I have already solved some terrible
      MiNT problems here.
      Bohdan

15:25 Woh, Lotek Style dispatched some copies of the last YM Rockerz'
      music-disk and some crazy UK people jumped over the presents members
      for autographs, i guess we'll be in "Top of the Pop" next week, ahah.
      Dma-Sc / Sector One

15:35 Yeeehaaa! I just finished my XL-Chip-Tune! Well, if there was an
      "8-Bit-only-Chip-Tune-Compo", I think, the first price was mine -
      'cause I'm probably the one and only who takes place...
       R.I.K. of Kaisersoft / F2

15:40 Greaat party, with cool people! I prepare myself for the shame after
      my entry to the Tracked Music compo :)  Lotek, 505 and DMA, be
      carefull, I'm coming ;)
      Cooper / The Coolest Paradise
.
15:43 wahhh, the latest ymrockerz compil has been released. and i now
      own a nice copy with signatures by 505, lotek style and dma sc.
      gonna be a RARE ebay item soon.;)
      nemo

15:42 uhhh? german keyboard zuigt!!!! -havoc

15h50  strange keyboard :) !!!! c-rem

16:oo official deadline for music/gfx/ascii... but... i praised the orga's
      and got some more time, harhahr
      btw... atm, we're going to see Dune's mysterious "illusions" demo,
      but it fucks up again and again on the beamer falcon... you know
      what? i got an exclusive copy that was running on my machine... so
      i know things you don't know :P
      moondog

16.10 CiH drinking the "Wine Illusions" instead!

later 1st of all, I HATE GERMAN KEYB !!! :) Anyway, I'm very happy to be
      there with lot's of nice ppl. We drive all the night long, and arrived
      late at night (arround 5), but it's worth the effort.
      My friend and I are organising a party on next year, I hope all the
      Atari ppl here will be on the Equinox Party II : I've promissed to
      try to bring the atari scene in Paris for the party we are making next
      year. More that 10000 euros in prices have been given last time, and
      "la villette" is realy a very cool place. You will like it, I bet.
      And moreover, It's being orginised by REAL sceners most of them being
      Amiga fans (Mankind and OrangeJuice). So BE THERE (watch out
      m4nkind.org for more infos comming soon).
       zigo


16:38 Well, I am sure it is not big tragedy one time in live to write on
      the germany keyboard. But we have in Czech this keyboard as standart,
      lots of computers applications uses english one and I simply never
      don't know there I have Z and where is Y on my own computer.


16:46 Hmm I enjoy thiz EIL3 very much, just ordered some pizza and
      drunk another Czech beer! Man I would like thiz to continue for some
      weeks... TXG/MNX


17:17 Good party, good pizzas... let's hope it will be the same tomorrow
      and on Monday. And nice surprises too: Dune's Illusion (not so bad
      for a 10 years-old demo) and the brand new YM Rockers compilation.
      Cool :)
      Strider

17:30 yeah , the party is cool, keep on the spirit. Still hope to get the
      demo working for tomorrow. XY

17.45 The internet connection is broken, guess we'll just have to make some
      of our own entertainment, preferably demo-based! -  CiH


17:58 NEED SOME FRESH AIR. CHEMMMAD

18:30 I MADE A NICE LOGO ... BUT NO IDEAS FOR AND INTRO (AND NO SKILLS) ...
      MOACO/F2

18:55 A good party with nice people ... I expect many great demos from it
      Edo / sct1

19.09 A realtime without a chair is a bit of a no-go!

19:21 reading the realtime article, having a beer .... zerkdude

19:22 hmm actually i don't have the slightest clue what time it is but who
      cares anyway... party is quite enjoyable until now, though it feels
      kinda odd not to compete in any compo. no worries about this though,
      the atmosphere alone easily justifies anything i've spent on getting
      here.

      where to go from here? crt radiation here i come! :)

2o:2o yeah, compo entry finished... missed the deadline for over one hour,
      but who really cares about?! ;)  moondog

20:21 mee too. Done and kinda released from the pain. Where's the beer ?
      FXL

20:xX Hmmm.. I hope the grafix and music compo starts soon... There are
      a couple of interesting entries I guess. Lo MC Tek Lazy Styla.

20:55 Suddenly a student from here fixed some hubs & cables .. now we can
      plugin on the internet. chemmad

21:03 oh dear... already one day has passed!!! i have been coding too
      much! it seems there are human beings around me, i should try to
      establish contact ;-P

21:30 Just played Qix and got 124038 points! Hurray! - Thothy

21.30 chuck/dune and zorro2/mjj prod ... looking for the way to eat the mexicain
      pizza without dying ...

21:54 so the organizers are still recording the first compo entries and i
      wonder if it is because of their skills or of the many contributions
      that they still haven't finished with this job, harhar ;) just joking,
      cool party anyway and i feel somewhat of easy since i finished my
      picture... moondog

22.02 Might be something to do with the extended deadline, and people who
      submit their entries an hour later than that! ;-) CiH

22.00 Ok 4 hour to sleep and i go back ... dead line is in 18 hours

22.18 Ok ok..  we've commenced todays' beer-up... been too busy trying
to get stuff working for the comps to drink, but things are looking ok now,
so we can afford ourselves a few radeburgers..  lets rolll!  Damo/rg

22:45 i smell weed

23:07 Just found out there are going to be competitions at 1am and i'm
      already fucking tired. I think i'd better stay of the vodka and
      get a cup of coffee instead. //Bagg

23:44 here is still a copy of the latest ymrockerz release lying on the
      realtime article 520ST. grab it, get it, take it away! it's free! :)
      nemo

23:54 yeah... get her, grab her, lick her... ui... wrong movie... :)

23:55 just got back from the garden... hmmmz. ;)

00.26 IT'S SUNDAY!!! Up to me to tell this rta, if no-one else can seemingly
      find the time! I'm awaiting these first competitions with more than
      usual interest. CiH

00:41 yeah I hope there will be very interesting stuff released during
      that party too... Atari spirit rulez! (argh I always wonder where
      is the 'Z' on that German keyboard)  \\Strider

00:54 i think next time the realtime article machine should be a mega st/e
      where everybody can bring his/her own keyboard.
      nemo

01:00 I hope the competition entries will be shown soon. I'm getting more and
      more tired and it's getting difficult to keep the eyes open.
      While the show is being prepared,a (to me unkown) movie is shown\\Gerry


01:30 earx sez: off to bed!

01:47 My night time advice for today is : "Never order a mexican pizza from
      the EIL delivery service if you're not planing to die". =-O
      \\ Dma-Sc

01:56 I managed to stay awake till now. That's why I won't wait till
      tomorrow to see and listen to the competition entries.\\Gerry

02:32 Arcade games ruleZ the big screen is being used :) chemmad

02:59 We are just back from best tekkno party in my lifeeee.....
      Melly's ruleeeeeesssss.... Six hours of nonstop xtra mega hyper damn
      fucking cool techno MSUKKKKZZZZZZ... I love Germany !!!! :-)
      MiKRO

04:07 The first part of the competition is over and I finally will find some
      sleep now. Good night / morning :-) \Gerry

06:20 There were quite a lot of entries for the music compos, nice ! :)
      \\ Dma-Sc

07.55 The Tusculem is almost totally dead, only a few people are awake,
      and with no trace of the organisers. Are people really feeling
      so confident in their coding progress that they can afford to take
      some hours off asleep? ;-)

      To set the scene a little here, some voices burble in the distance,
      and a soundchip somewhere starts up. The recommencement of some form
      of life, as it is kind of hard to stay asleep once Mr YM is on the
      case! - CiH awake

08:40 A lot of people seems sleeping at the moment, I can ever see zombies
      walking in the rooms...  \\ Strider


09:56 Hi all! A lot of demos are to be presented at the compos. It seems
that we'll have some good competitions on screen. Great! \\Nova-Equinox

10:02 with that many ppl sleeping who will code all those demos ?
      Well i'm awake now and after a good warm coffee, i try to end
      my small project. Mr.XY
      At least i got No. #1 again in the Qix competition ;-)

10:30 awake again.. urgh. yombies erm. damn kbd ;) i mean zombies...
      last night i was so exhausted i decided to take a nap in the sleeping
      room. that big gym was like a big graveyard of the undead.
      everyone in a big hall lying silently (except the ones snoring like
      mad!). i slept at the light side. stupid, cos it doesn't suit me and
      it seems i woke up (too early) by the light coming thru the windows.
      well.. spoke to some ppl this morning and everything seems a bit more
      'real' again. there seems to have been the gfx msx compos that seemed
      to have alot of good material. well, i'm to nag cih a little,

      earx

11.00 Slept a bit more, then breakfast, toasted sandwiches and corpse
      coloured tea (fruit tea inadvisably combined with milk!) Ahhh!
      delicious! - CiH

11:2o Oah, i heard rumours of several ST stuffs in preperation... so down
      on your knees and praise the glory creators of them :)
      moondog

12:oo The gods are finally awake now... // Stratagem

12.04 Finally got to see the "best ever" demo for the Atari 8-bit, "Numen"
      by Polski code nutters Taquart. I can say that it does live up to the
      hype, with some of the high-detail screens comparing well with many
      Amiga demos, let alone stuff on the ST! All I need is some vodka, and
      I'll feel I'm back in the Polski country ;-) - CiH

12:08 Well, so far so good, excellt party (except the kezboards that is
      'broken' Z and Y is on the wrong place!!) I relly like the breakfast
      arrangement, even though you have to be up early to be able to enjoy it.
      A extra big thank to the amazingly friendly girls behind the counter
      in the 'bar', nothing seems IMPossible. ;)  //Ham

12:30 everything is ok ! sleeping just 9 hours in 3 days. I like this cp !
      I finally download photos on atari-forum website... [Zorro2]

14:00 (waiting for my lunch to come)I finaly slept on the main hall, so
      obody complains about my noises when I sleep. Finaly, I think it was
      even better than in the sleeping room :)
      When I woke up, I could see those brilliant demos on the 8 bits. Very
      impressive !!! I can't beleave it's done on a so slow machine...
              Zigo/exa

13:19 so well, what is a demo?
      a) a sort of realtime rendered music video crippled by being
         bound to use cgi fx
      b) breaking technical limits in the nicest looking and sounding
         way possible
      c) a complex artform combining complex math, audio and visuals
         to coment on contemporary philosophy
      d) nothing of the above at all but its fun to watch
      e) ...

13.35 The answer has got to be (d). - CiH

14:00 think i'm close to getting qasm working with dspdit again.

13:55 ... timewarp ... after hardcore painting yesterday i'm a bit tired
      now and works on UCM # 24 are going very, very slow... but we're
      here to stay! so see you soon on UCM, again :) moondog

14:30 waiting for my lunch, and after the pizza some of us will go to the
      city for tourism. Our guide will probably be Antje, a really cool girl
      whose job in the party seems not only to sell stuff in the bar and
      take pizza orderings, but just be cool and friendly with the people
      here. Thanks to her and also Christin, being as good at doing the same
      job. zerkman


15:48 I DON'T WANNA GO HOME!!!!!


15:5o why?

16:27 Today early moning I missed first music compo and then it was repeated
      afternoon I missed barbecue. But Thomas prepared for me new sossages
      and save me my life. Much thanks, Thomas.            Zdenek

17:00 yes, the bratwurst was very tastefull, but wasn't a real thuringer!!!
      But, it doesn't matter, because the sun is shining right now, and
      everybody has fun with his atari!!!! yeah, atari is the sense of my life
      (this text was sponsored by Human Crisps - tastefull crisps made out
       of real humans -- hmmmmmm :-) )

17:02 p.s.: twh was here *g

16:65 eil3 is the first party where i really get some decent sleep.
      8h each night. but everyones telling me i'm looking tired...
      hmmmm... need to check my make-up.
      nemo

17:12 The keys on the keyboard are placed differently, but other than that
      the party is excellent! Steady food supply, and extremely helpful
      people in the bar, good sleeping place with real showers, it's almost
      like home, only with a lot of friends everywhere. Time to sleep some
      more. /tam

17:27 Puh! One B66 down the throat, it said hot on the meny and it sure was,
      god bless the german beer! Sweat pouring out on my forhead and my nose
      started to run, that's excellent hotness! Just have to make a remark about
      the weather that's really starting to shape up and it's really nice
      outside!
      //Ham - IMPonance

18:oo Yaau... first pizza ordered at all... i'm stuffed with Maggie and Knorr
      5 minutes stuff....

18.11 Phueee..  That were some hard dazs of coding to get a sillz 96k done
      for the compo! Thomas made a great job coding the ACE replazer
      during the partz, being sick and all.

      And BTW, tzska tangentbord suger apa. / Evil


18.36 Yep, finally submitted a "bug fixed" version of the 96k. / deez

18:45 The deadlines are long gone, people can relax now

18:5o damn... qix sux... naaah, not really, Mr XY has to be removed from
      top, maybe not in this life...
      moondog

19:16 Greetings from Sweden...

19:37 Been outside most of the day drinking beer. It's somewhat hard to
      stay inside when the weather is so nice. Now i'm waiting for another
      one of those partysize pizzas to arrive. //Baggio

19:43 ahhh intro completed, backup made, nothing can go wrong now.
      Well lets wait until its on the video tape.
      ha moondog yeah qix sux, but its a gaming competition and i have
      to be the top scorer, at least in that competition, cause i don't
      think there will be that many fans of my little intro. Mr.XY

19:52 MrXY... ok, but this rocks only if you're making your score on the
      big screen, harhar... moondog

19:56 Hope the finals in the gaming competition at the Uncon 2003 will be
      at a big screen, then it will be a lot of fun. Mr.XY

20.12 Wow yeah! I got a beer which has been hiding at the back of the fridge!
      Ice cold, the first one since I got here at a proper drinking temperature!
      Thanks Sh3! - CiH

20.19  mehr bier!!

20:20  yo

20:21  aight

21:00  who farted ?

21:16  The beer is perfect, it's even cold now... maybe a bit too cold
       //Robertk


21:30  Yes... its finished. The first "real" demo on the Atari Lynx!
       We just recorded it to video tape. It looks much better on the
       normal display, but you can't give the Lynx round so everybody
       could have a look ;-)
       {{ Sage }}

22:30  It seems that a lot of ST demos will be presented, damn great news !
       \\ Dma-Sc

21:35  ZEITSPRUNG... what's that above? Western European Time? ;) Please
       think twice, the Reservoir Gods are trying to buy our votes with
       pens and little adress books! Praise them... moondog

22:00  "On the Top" in Qix again. Mr.XY

22:10  Today I ordered a "Mexican Pizza", too, just to see if it is really
       that hot (normally I don't mind hot food)... but damn, it was really
       really really hot - however it was still eatable ;-)  - Thothy!

22:25  Ireen, Tobias und Torsten besuchen als "Auûerirdische" diese
       Veranstaltung und wissen noch gar nicht was hier eigentlich abgeht.
       "Aliens" not only as being here without having much knowledge about
       computers but one alien as well because of being a female

22:42  that cup of tea should help me stay awake. I'm not expecting the demo
       compo to begin before 3:00, thus it is perfect. zerker

22:45  There's a whip-pong compo coming up, it looks (and sounds ! ;) damn
       weird. Also i'll be playing against Chuck, i've already lost i think.
       \\ Dma-Sc

23:16  Well, i just played whip-pong against Asteroid and he beat me :)
       It was a fair fight and it was damn funny so i'm still happy
       even though i lost :) Well, going back to watch the rest of the
       compo now. It's really a shame that last eil's whip-pong compo
       winner is asleep (Tam/Toys). //Baggio

23:30  Just had look at the (new) tscc demo and it looks really cool!
       hopefully they will show atleast something even though the deadline
       was 6 hours ago... // deez

23.40  Hum good game this little whip :p chuck/dune

23:51  Yeah, right ! \\Gerry

00.00  MONDAY!!! - Don't say too much, but the tSCc demo might just be
       finished? - let the compo's start soon, before this caffeine
       reset button wears off! - CiH~

oo:o3  the conversations with Antje beginning to run out of order...
       of course WE are THEIR problem... maybe? I just want to comment
       Subway To Sally... Brennen, brennen, sie soll... naaaah... nicht
       wirklich, es ist mir ein bedÅrfnis der welt mitzuteilen, dass
       sie zusammen mit christin die partybelegschaft wirklich umfassend
       zu betreuen weiss... keiner rÅhrt cappucino und knorr suppe so fÅr
       einen um... abgesehen von den EIL Bardamen... es ist ein erlebnis!
       moondog

pî  505/cpt

00:33  tss... time to feed the packer used by the UCM posse to gain some
       addititional packing rates... mhh. mhh. mhh. What to write?
       What to write?  mhh. mhh. I don't have a clue What to write...
       tss... dull text.. anyway, better typing bullshit and push some
       keys on that wonderful German keyboard.. (why do most people complain
       about German keyboards.. well.. it's a fact that most Atari computers
       were sold in Germany!  :)   (not to forget about the Atari scene..
       the past and the presence.. Germany played an important role in that
       issue  ;)
       mhhh... fingers can't stop typing..  move.l 0(a0),d0 or.l 4(a1),d0
       or.l 8(a2),d0 or.l 12(a3),d0 movep.l d0,0(a6)...  oohh. that's
       slow.  what the fuck?
       anyway.. I had the pleasure seeing the (active;) tSCc guys finishing
       their competition entry for the Falcon demo compo. wellll.. it really
       took some time! ;)   reason: design matters.  Notice: Design causes
       serious damage to your health - it produces grey hair.. it makes you
       bored..
       Armer Ray!  Bloss gut das es jetzt (erstmal ;)  geschafft ist !!
       .. obwohl ich die Version von vor ca. 10 Stunden ;) auch schon ganz
       gelungen fand..
       (that was German.. consult some good German Porn video for
       hints on translation! ;)
       Well... this Atari party might be the party were the most Atari ST
       demos will take part in the demo-competition.. quite incredible!
       Just let's hope the competitions to start very soon.. damn. I just
       remember I again missed the film 'the matrix' which was shown 2 times
       on German TV this Easter.  what the heck.. tv kills your time anyway.
       hmpfff.. the Whip Phong.. errr.. Pong compo ended around 1 hour ago
       and it lasted DEFINATELY (hope I typed it right..) too long! :)
       it was quite cool that mOdmate found it's way (better: managed to
       come ;) from Leipzig to the partyplace here in Dresden!
       take care humans of this earth - Leipzig - the place of the
       Olympic Games in 2012!
       ok.. gotta stop now. I'm bored bz that damn german kezboard.. heck..
       whz do thez used a german kezboard.. i can't manage it.
       move.l $4.w,a0
       jmp (a0)
       NOOO!   don't do that!   the whole text might be lost!!
   ; LOADER3B.SRC ... fixed.  bug in line 671? (to check: mfp setting!!)
   ; Defjam/Checkpoint  00:59  21st April 2003



3:03 "Wir haben die Gîtter auf unserer Seite!" ... Hehe, what a rush!
   The active ones of .tSCc. are in a very good mood!
   Being curious about the results then, because Escape did well too
   (BTW: Without DSPdit their production wouldn't have been possible?!
   Hehe, I simply assume this without further investigation, so ...
   .tSCc. was part of the whole fun!)

   dynacore//.tSCc.

3:13 And Comp7 finally finds a chance to add his $0.02 to this article.
   I'm getting ready for the end of this party, so I'll make it a
   conclusion-kind-of-note: EIL3 rocks socks! The athmos was really
   wonderful, the compo entries brought in some nice technical surprises
   here and there and were overall very original, and above all: Atari
   lives!! - and maybe I'm imagining it but I have a feeling the scene is
   actually recovering from less-aliveness.. :) Thanx 2 all!

   Comp7/FUN (and LineOut, sorta, almost..) ;)

3:20 In one word : wow ! Thanks coders, gfxmen, musicians for all work
     which has been done, hope next weeks will be as Alive(c) as this
     week-end :-)   Coopy

3:34 Yeah! -pure- releases, some good, some truly amazing releases.. all
     very much appreciated.  good work all atariscene..  we take it on
     another level..  damo

3:35 oh my god, i can't remember when i sleep for the last time... that
     party is too good !!! and with the special superfly controller i've
     won, it won't help me to get some sleep! ;-)   (the shouter)

03.40 Off to bed now, lots of travelling to do later, back later - CiH

4:?? earx here.. what a great party. it was like a trip. one big 72 hours
     long day. and at the end of the day you even learn to master a german
     keyboard. like comp7 already pointed out: the atmosphere was great.
     what more to add? just forgot to watch bud the chud, arghh!
     have a goodnight! i'm off to my ultra thin mat in the gym. but at least
     i'm tired so i won't notice ;)

4:o2 time to search my sleeping bag... great party, as written above!
     atariscene showed that it is still alive and kicking! we're ready
     to live our dream until eternity... sleep well, moondog

4:10 i was a newbie in this kind of event and i must say that has been a
     very nice experience, i hope i can repeat it again...no matter the
     the distance. Also wanna give 9 points ( 0 minimun - 9 maximus ) to
     the people who organize the party....to all 9 points..it has been
     perfect, thank yooouuuuu. El Hombre Maraka ( David Galvez )

4:49 Yeah great party at bigger location, don't know if it was better to
     have that much space. But at least you can freely walk without
     moving through the ppl in an overcrowded cellar.
     I'm back to rest. Mr.XY

5:53 Sure it is a great party with great (and numerous) demos!
     BTW the demos look *a lot* better on a real screen...
     \\Strider

5:54 hmmm, not many here at party place, many have gone to other room
     for sleep.

     /funboy2

6:28 the competitions are over now...
     ??
     well, the competitions are over for some hours now, to be more precice.
     conclusion: 2 times more Atari ST demos than Atari Falcon ones.
     I was a bit disappointed that only 3 Falcon demos found their way into
     the demo competition... tzz tzz ..
     anyway it's quite a big surprise having 6 ST demos taking part in the
     compo.. I really didn't expect that a large amount.  wow!
     (esp. the Reservoir Gods folks with two ST demos for the compo.. won't
     the gods ever sleep??   ;)
     quite sad that this realtimearticle is still quite short in length and
     I'm sure there won't be written a lot more in the remaining hours
     of the party... :(
     nevertheless cool party.. a lot of compo stuff in general.. yep.
     /* defjam/checkpoint */


7.00 Hum ok Good Party and i dont know the result yet but the checkpoint demo
     was for me the best one with lot of good code stuff even if some of
     atarians thought it have a lack of design ... in fact red and blue color
     will still rest the coder colors :p Hum we dont know if we will continu on
     codin in fact coz the demos i hve saw in this party for the st are not
     exactly the one i love to code and if i code only for us ( dune members p )
     it is not serious ... So i will release illusion demo and the fantasia
     dentro and i will think about the future yith all dune members about the
     fact of continu coding ... I was very happy of being in Dresden and happy
     to see there some people in europe yho continu to live with atari spirit
     this is important to give sense of this part of our life and without st
     will surely fell a lake of somethin :-) So never forget ... Be atari
     yesterday today and tomorrow
     See u i think in next months in some party perhaps ... Really atari and
     all of you are the best ones :-)
     Chuck/Dune

8:25 AAARRCCHHH I just realized this party is almost over :-(
     The party was very good so the MNX crew would like to thank the EIL3
     organisers for this nice party.....
     Now I have to start to pack everything in the car...
     But for I go I like to say that I was impressed by the number of compos...
     The demos were nice...
     Greetinx to all people at EIL3 we will meet again we hope....
     ATARI RULEZ......This party has proven it!!! :-)))
     TXG (MNX)

9:06 As somebody who isn't involved in creating an Atari ST demo I was really
     looking forward for this event to feel the atari spirit. Thanks to
     everybody at the EIL #3 for being really nice. When I arrived at the
     location on friday, I thought, most sceners would stick to their own
     people and would kind of "ignore" people like me (because I'm no coder,
     gfx-man or musician). To my surprise everybody was extremely nice and
     it was a great feeling to meet people who I've known only by name from
     the demos. I hope to see you again at the next EIL !? \\Gerry

9:32 Arm... i'm a bit refreshed now, hardcore sleeping in the car that is a
     bit too short for me doesn't makes my old bones better... now some
     breakfast is used to gain more energy back, for waiting for the
     presentation of the results... yeah! moondog

9:40 Another try on the qwertz german keyboard. So the party is almost
     finished by now, we are waiting for the competition result. This was
     really a good party, very good organization. great people etc. I
     arrived saturday at 1pm after a hard travelling, I decided to come on
     thursday, so I had to come alone. Anyway it's really a good party, the
     demos contest was really amazing, there were really many many demos,
     from almost atari machines, I didn't expect so much productions!
     So time to go, I let the seat to someone else. Cheers!
     aldn

09.55 CiH back, awaiting the end......

10:05 Sweden has left the building /tam

10:30 party is over.. prizes have been handed out. thanx thanx and thanx
      again to organizers for this unforgettable event. i'm off with the
      britts to enschede now. cya next time!
      earx

1o:31 ayeah... i took my price (many thanx, voters... ;) and must say it
      again, this party rocks, praise the organizers! We want an EIL
      again, and again and again, you know?!
      Too bad that it's almost over for this year...
      moondog

10.39 Looks like we're off soon. Dildo Fatwa ruley the airwavey!!

10:41 Dildo fatwa stinks !


1o:54 Ok, i'm going to leave now, and so i will take this one...
      it was, as said so often before, a very great party, thanx to
      the orga's, thanx to their little helpers (christin, antje (!),
      and all the other visible and invisible ones without whom the
      party surely wouldn't have been that good and that funny at
      some special moments... "some hot water please")...

      hope to see you all next time again... maybe here?

                   moondog is signing off...