Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ú                           INTERVIEW WITH FELIX OF DUNE
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

UCM... Hi Felix! It's nice to catch you up for an exclusive interview with UCM!
       So just tell me, how are you?

ÒFelix. I'm very fine, thanks. I'm just  a little excited and frightened replying
Ò       to your questions.


UCM... Since you're  completely unknown  for the scene it would be  nice to know
       what you're doing in your real life.

ÒFelix. I'm  working  in  computing. I  do  much  things  around  computers, like
Ò       installing, debugging,  sometimes I also develop  some  applications. I'm
Ò       running my own office with a friend since 4 years.


UCM... I really wonder where you're coming from since it  is very unusual to see
       a completely  new ST coder  around  nowadays. So  just tell  me something
       about your  private computing  history and  how you've found the way into
       the demo scene.

ÒFelix. I always  used  Atari ST systems  at home. Reading  magazines  such as ST
Ò       Magazine and  such gave me the taste to program my computer, that's why I
Ò       starting like many I think with the GFA Basic, then I stepped to assembly
Ò       language very fast because I was really curious about this language. That
Ò       happened in 90-92.
Ò       Then I  bought a  PC but  my Atari  sat  right to  the PC a  long time. I
Ò       started programming on the PC in Turbo Pascal then in Turbo C. I did some
Ò       assembly bits on this machine but it wasn't as easy as on the ST.
Ò       Later on my ST totally disapeared from my desk because I didn't have time
Ò       to give  to my home  computing activities. I  only used my PC at home for
Ò       some "common" things  because I get  pissed of computing when I came back
Ò       home.
Ò       First times I met Chuck, I didn't  know that he was a demomaker acting on
Ò       the Atari. I don't  remember well  how we came  talking  about  the Atari
Ò       (maybe we  talked about video  games, I can't  remember), but  he told me
Ò       about Dune and  a demo on Atari ST. Then he brought me the Odd STuff that
Ò       was just released, I got my ST back from the cellar, and... and... wow!
Ò       It kicked asses! I then knew what I had to do: trying some coding.
Ò       Chuck explained  some things, and  now I'm  preparing  some  effects, but
Ò       that's another story.


UCM... I really wonder that you teamed up that fast with Dune. Had you any  idea
       what team you  joined? Do you  know some of  their older  productions and
       about their state as resurrected cult demo band?

ÒFelix. I don't  really realise... It seems  that Dune is  some kind of legend in
Ò       the  ST scene. I didn't  imagine such status  while  joining  Dune. I met
Ò       Chuck through our common work, but at this moment we didn't know anything
Ò       from our  common point: the Atari ST. Now, I hope that we'll continue the
Ò       legend together.


UCM... And, ofcourse, is there something to come from Dune where we can see your
       first coding bits? Since, you know, joining a band and staying active are
       different shoes :)

ÒFelix. Yes, we're planing something, but I think I can't tell more actually...
Ò       Keep an eye on Dune ;-)


UCM... Are there  maybe some coding bits around of stuff  you've done before you
       joined Dune? If yes, have you ever thought about to release them?

ÒFelix. No, I never released anything until now. I coded a little for my own, but
Ò       it wasn't  demo stuff. I coded  some  graphics because I always wanted to
Ò       code a  game, but  my coding  level was  crap. Now, I  learned much thank
Ò       Chuck. I hope  once I can  get back  to game  coding (for  my own also, I
Ò       don't want  to work in  the video game). I'm just a big 2D shooter fan, I
Ò       hope I can code a shooter like R-Type someday... Future will tell.


UCM... Seeing Dune's demo style, the style of the nowadays ST demos and the  one
       from the early  nineties. How  would you describe  your coding style, old
       school/new school/amiga5oo style (hehehe)?

ÒFelix. I can't really  describe  my coding style... Well, I think it's a bit new
Ò       school and you'll  maybe find some  amiga 500 touches because I like very
Ò       much some demos coming from this machine, like the Arte by Sanity...


UCM... What do you think about the nowadays ST demo scene (if there is any  real
       demo scene  left on the ST). Since  you're  a "newbie" you  can give your
       impression without being burdened with an own long scene history.

ÒFelix. I'm not really aware of the actual ST scene, I also don't know what's the
Ò       latest demo  available... The newest demo I saw actually is the Odd Stuff
Ò       from Sector One and Dune that Chuck gave me. Really amazing!! Also, I was
Ò       glad meeting some  Sector One members, it was really amazing to meet such
Ò       friendly mates. I hope we'll meet some more nextly.


UCM... Are there any idols on  the nowadays  scene for you and if yes, who is it
       and why...

Felix. Sorry guys, I don't  have any idol in the nowadays scene because I didn't
       get further in the knowledge of the actual demo scene.


UCM... Since I haven't seen  some coding bits  by you  so far I can't judge your
       coding experiences, but do  you have a dream  of something you want to do
       on the ST? Is there a special idea you want to realise on this machine?

ÒFelix. My first wish  is to code some 3D stuff, but we'll see that later. I want
Ò       to code a SNES Mode 7 like... future will tell if I managed ;-)
Ò       I also  want  to  get  some exciting  things  working  like  overscan and
Ò       soundtrack, but that's another story, I think I have to learn much before
Ò       doing that. Well, my  phatasmic dream is to see my name in the credits of
Ò       a demo ;-)


UCM... Since Dune is purely ST/STe oriented I wonder if you thought about  doing
       something on the Falcon as well, if you have one (...) are  you following
       the movements of the Falcon scene?

ÒFelix. I already own  a Falcon but I'm  not interested in coding on this machine
Ò       because I have to  learn DSP first. I prefer  coding some bits on my good
Ò       old STe, and also, Dune  has always ever  been an ST demomaking group! So
Ò       actually, I think I'll never do anything on the Falcon.


UCM... Topic coding parties... surely  you heard about  them at  least, but were
       you ever on such an event? Are you planning to come to the EIL 2k3?

ÒFelix. Chuck told me  much ab out coding parties, but I never was in one. But we
Ò       plan to  come over to the  Error In Line. I'm  really excited meeting the
Ò       scene people.


UCM... So... since  I haven't  seen  something  from  you  it is  quite  hard to
       squeeze you out  with special questions, hehe... so I  will stop here and
       wait what we will see from you in the future. If there  are any words for
       our readers, any  greetings or something, you have the possibility now to
       do it...

ÒFelix. Mmh.. no, I don't  have much to say  expect that you can await some prods
Ò       from us soon :-)

UCM... Ok, thanx for  this interview  and we hope to  see you around for a while
       now! Stay atari and take care!

                                             Úinterview done by moondog - 11/2k2
Û--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
