--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                CELEBRITY DEATHMATCH - today starring Superjames
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If I would have known what avalanche I would start with replying to a mail I got
from Chris Swinson, that  can be found in  the feedback area, I surely had never
tried to answer to it, hence Chris seems to run around always with his Pretorian
guard, namely James M Alexander.

Alone this name surely  paints some grin into the face of several readers as his
so called feedback  to an article about  the diskmag ST Offline back in UCM # 21
(the feedback finally appeared in UCM # 22), was showing that he did not hat any
clue about the  things he was rambling about, but anyway, he attacked not really
my review, but directly myself...

Ofcourse, we stepped back to ST Offline very fast as James was showing up in the
ring again, informed  by Chris, again, as  it was  those  times ago... Obviously
James is trying to get others into the boat, just as Rudolphe Czuba, to make the
group of attacked people  bigger he is  willing to  defend, but as it seems he's
already here  leaving the way  of reality, as Rudolphe never was included in any
rambling articles, neither  the further works of Chris Swinson... but anyway, he
uses  this  to  back up  his flaming  campaign, not  against  ucm itself, mainly
against myself.

So here  we go  with  a round up of James' strange  ideas  that bounced  into my
mailbox even  if I'm aware  of the fact  that he's hanging around somewhere just
waiting  for a reaction  to start  another campaign... I don't  care about  that
sucker in any way... So take care now that you don't get wet pants while reading
the thoughts of a honorous Atari defender...

Email one...

ÒEric,

ÒIts been brought to my attention that after my feedback to your arcticles a
Òfew months ago where you had been slamming many ST developers with slander,
Òyou have been going around slandering me.  I have seen the coments you've
Òmade calling me "asshole" among other false statements about both myself and
Òothers.  Frankly,  the only ASSHOLE here is yourself for running around
Òinsulting me (and others) when you dont even have the courage to reply
Òdirectly.  Many of your patently false statements have blamed myself and
Òothers for the lack of new ST software & hardware.

ÒLet me state the FACTS in this matter to remind your that your bullshit
Òpropaganda is believed by NOBODY.  Chris Swinson has been developing several
Òhardware and software projects over the years,  including some projects that
Òare ongoing.  Rudolphe Czuba has also developed his falcon accellerator
Òboard.  My current projects include 2 shareware cd-roms,  and a high end
Òaudio recorder interface for the ST/TT series.  Plus organizing a local user
Ògroup.

ÒWhat the hell have YOU done to help the Atari community?

ÒNothing!!  you've sat on your lazy ass screaming out insults on your childish
Òwebpage insulting people who are doing something.  As I've said,  it is YOU
Òwho is the ASSHOLE not myself or anyone else.  You may think your getting
Òattention for yourself but truth is, very few people read your arrogant
Òbullshit.  I didnt even bother reading it until others you'd hit  in your
Òpetty campaign of harassment forwarded copies of your slander against me to
Òmy attention.  You can count yourself lucky that your idiocy isnt worth the
Òtime of a slander suit (dont give me any crap about this you've crossed over
Òthe line long ago) but your not worth the effort.  The only attention you
Òwill getting from now on is a permanent place on that internet kooks site
Òwith the other dozen losers who've sunk to your level.

ÒFuck off and Have a Shitty life,
ÒJames Alexander

reply number one

> you shitty lamer aren't able to do some half way constructive discussion
> as you're going the same way as you did with your so called "feedback"
> to ucm 21...
> you don't even checked that the things you red on "my childish webpage",
> that isn¥t mine at all (bad research, sucker), are originally released
> as diskmagazine on st and falcon and in fact i'm running that magazine
> since 9 years now and i will go on doing this...
> you're compiling shareware cd's ... wow, what an effort... you're
> organising a user group... cooooool, maybe you're playing god in that...
> in fact such simpleminded guys like you aren't able to understand the
> things i'm writing in the magazine and surely will never be able to do
> so... there are always such dull idiots around but in fact the most
> feedback i get shows me that i'm on the right way...
> so why bother about such lame assholes like james m...
>
> btw... don't forget that you simpleminded subject has started to insult
> me in the way you got the asshole as reply for, so you got just what you
> have deserved after your personal attacks...


Email two

ÒEric,

ÒListen up ASSHOLE.  I insulted you this time because you didnt have the
Òcourtesy to reply last time I emailed you about your articles which contained
Òdeliberate disinformation.  The person who isnt contributing halfway
Òconstructive discussion is YOU and only you.  That is FACT not fantasy.  Here
Òare some other FACTS you have neglected to acknowlege in your little
Òharassment campaign:

Ò1)  You have repeatedly posted deliberate lies about others (including those
Òdiskmagazine authours) in the current and previous issues of your UCM
Òwebsite.

Ò2)  When you were called on your lies you refused to acknowledge what you'd
Òdone.  Instead you tried to cover up with more lies and began harassing
Òmyself and others.  In my case behind my back as I've found out.

Ò3)  You claim to have made a "9 year effort" running an online magazine.
ÒThat is worthless since nobody reads it.  There is one simple reason nobody
Òreads it,  nobody cares any longer about your mindless attacks against
Òothers.  Nobody cares about your lies.  You have done NOTHING constructive in
Òthe atari community,  and quite likely you've done nothing else in your life
Òeither.

Ò4)  You're modus operandi has been to attack others who have contributed to
Òthe atari community,  myself included.  Compare this,  the others you've been
Òrecently insulting worked for years on several diskmagazines and various
Òshareware programs.  They've also worked and are working on some hardware
Òupgrade projects.  I'm working on releasing not only shareware cds,  and the
Òlocal user group,  also several hardware upgrades are under way.  You,  as
Òhas been proven before I ever saw what you were up to,  have done NOTHING but
Òinsult others who are contributing to the user community.  This does not mean
Òthat I,  the man who runs the cps-games site you've recently been insulting
Òor anyone else is "playing god" as you try to insist.  The only one "playing
Ògod" here is yourself.

ÒThat is exactly why I call you an ASSHOLE, precisely because you are an
ÒASSHOLE.  But that is no doubt above your irrational thought.  The simple
Òfact is you are a schoolyard bully who never grew up.  You never learned that
Òif you abuse others then you are likely to be kicked in the teeth in return.
ÒIf you dont want to learn that lesson then dont expect sympathy,  nor will
Òyou be rewarded for your arrogance and outright stupidity.  Lastly ask
Òyourself why you have no friends?  You wont figure it out even though you've
Òalready got the answer.

ÒIn closing I will say one last thing.  Dont waste my time further with your
Òbullshit.  I've got a life,  which means I've got better things to do with my
Òtime than read the foul results of your own ignorance.


reply two

> don't try to teach me things you don¥t have any clue off...
>
> 1st... in fact i'm active as dismag editor at the first stage and this
> since 9 years so your constant complaining about an "online magazine"
> shows up YOUR ignorance...
>
> 2nd... because of the fact i'm running a diskmag and this in a quite
> successfull way i'm very aware of the fact what i'm writing and when it
> goes to review another magazine, just like st offline, i truly can write
> a review from scratch as i know what is needed to make an instant
> running diskmag and therefore is more needed as to rip articles, for
> instance over 9o % of the articles published in every issue of ucm isn't
> ripped from foreign sources... but in fact the only thing you're able of
> is to insult others, to fight in discussions with flamings and kicks, as
> your constant misuse on comp.sys.atari.st shows off...
>
> 3rd... the fact that ucm is the only diskmag that has survived from the
> early nineties untill now shows me, again, that it is wellknown and
> needed in the scene, and so i get the (little) support to make it
> survive...
>
> 4th... your very own ignorance is shown up in the way that you don't
> know what you're speaking about but i guess you aren't stuck that deep
> in the atari scene, maybe in your super local user group... in fact i'm
> a part of the atari demo scene, and i doubt you know what this is as
> your instant flamings about my not available activity, shows since would
> you have any simple knowledge about this topic you surely were stumbled
> over me and ucm before... but you aren't, you need others to direct you
> to this topics, you need others to be digged your ugly noose into things
> others find out about alone, you need others to defend them in a way
> that makes me laugh and, funnily, even if some people guided you to the
> points you're now pissing on, don't take the further advantage to check
> out what they have guided you to... THAT is ignorance...
>
> 5th... you tell me i wouldn't have friends and that makes me laugh
> further since i'm aware of the things i do, i have and i am... you don't
> know anything about the things you're stucking your nose in to run down
> such a childish campaign... i'm very aware of the fact that i'm a part
> of the atari demo scene, but you seem not to know anything about this...
> so why are you complaining? since it is YOUR modus operandi, someone
> drags onto your nose, says "eh! there are some people complaining, do
> something" and you start a dull compaign without really knowing what
> you're doing...
>
> to end up this things... dickhead (that was the first word you used to
> contact me...), you should sit down, learn a few lessons and think twice
> before startings some slagging campaigns... but eh, maybe we should let
> you make them as those seem to be the only things you're able to do...
>
> fuck off...


Email three


ÒEric,

ÒYou still havent figured it out.  I've called you an asshole for a reason,
Òthat YOU are an asshole.  I've told you not to continue your harassment
Òcampaign any longer.  The difference between the Atari community and yourself
Òare obvious to everyone but you.  People still in the atari "scene" as you
Òcall it participate and contribute.  You do niether of those things.  I've
Òseen your UCM site, despite your frequent lies that I know nothing about it.
ÒYou claim to support the community,  but you've done nothing of the sort.
ÒYour "diskmag"  which is nothing more than a website which borrows from the
Òformat of phrack is useless.  The infrequent "Issues"  that you release
Òcontain nothing but rambing jibberish written with poor grammer and even
Òworse spelling.  Your "content" routinely consists of blatant insults against
Òthose who do contribute to the atari community.  I and others have pointed
Òthis out to your repeatedly.  You and I both know I'm far from the first and
Ònot the only person to expose you for the loser that you are.  I've
Òchallenged you to list your contributions to the atari community.  You've
Òfailed to do so for one reason alone,  that is you've made no contribution.
ÒYou claim to have been to a diskmag editor for 9 years.  There isnt the
Òmaterial on yoru UCM site to back up that claim.    You also have repeatedly
Òlied that you've been a member of a coding group and that I've done nothing
Òto look up your work.  I have looked up your "work" and found that it does
Ònot exist,  never has and never will.  The demo group you've associated
Òyourself with has you as a member in name only.  I've seen their demos,
Òwhich are just that, demos.  Your "contribution" has been nothing more than a
Òhanger on.

ÒWhat I have found is some of the other people you've attacked with your
Òbullshit.  They say the same thing,  that you needelessly harass them with
Òlies and ad hominum attacks.  Some of these have also let me know that you've
Òbeen attacking myself (and others as it turns out) behind our backs.  That is
Òwhy YOU and only YOU are the ASSHOLE.  You accuse me of a "slagging
Òcampaign"  and "having ignorance of the atari scene".  Both of which are
Òlies,  as proven many times by myself and the other targets of your abuse.
ÒThis does not make me or anyone else  the Dickhead or Asshole,  no matter how
Òmany times you accuse others of slinging the crap thats been flowing freely
Òfrom your own mouth.

ÒNow for the last time,  STOP HARRASING MYSELF AND OTHER ATARI USERS!!!!


Of course I  didn't replied again  as I had to read 3 times  the same dull ideas
from very small different view points.

... hehehe...

What teach  us those lines? Just  one thing, also  in the year  2oo2 some simple
minded  guys  like  James M Asshole  are on  a trip, no  one  ever  tought to be
possible. After  all his constant  use of the same dull arguments are showing of
his lame attitude and lack of interest in the whole thing.

Isn't it  strange that  some "atari fanatic" like  James needs  it to be pointed
onto some things  like UCM? He is far too  dull to find  out about this stuff by
himself... Esp. the last  mail (if we can call this so) shows  up that  this guy
surely is  known with "ignorance" as  second pre name, as he isn't able to check
out the  things this is all about. He isn't able to  check the  net about things
others must tell him at first, and this is really poor.
So there are  enough sources  around that  offering all  former issues of UCM to
download, but  obviously he hasn't  any interest in trying to find them, as this
would destroy some of his so called "facts".
Furthermore  he is  telling  stuff  like "attack behind his backs" but  this  is
bullshit  as UCM is a  free publication anyone, even James, can read, if he just
wants.
After all it  is known as long  as UCM exists, but James obviously isn't able to
check this, that  any feedback that reaches me, will be released within the next
issue and will be responded there, here  I don't care about the fact if the guys
who wrote me like it or not... as they don't offer the smallest respect in their
mails why should I care?
Afterall it  seems as it  is a damn failure, to think those people that James is
staying for, are  able to understand one single line written in UCM or somewhere
else. He's argueing that I didn't replied to his first so called "feedback" that
was just written to defend his friend Chris Swinson after all...
Would you answer  to every "fuck" mail you get? I doubt that... hence, the upper
example shows  that those  people are  stuck that deep  in their ill and twisted
thoughts, that any line is just wasted time and effort.

After all I  have just one  question  staying in my mind, what sense makes it to
stay  in  the Atari scene, if  people like  James  will  stay  in  the  majority
somewhen? IT has  a sense, even  if I know that  not all people would stand such
ignorant and mindless  attacks, but after  all without the more moderate people,
that are some  way openminded and able  to get into real discussion and to check
what the  others have  in mind  really, the  Atari scene  would  be a  dark  and
uncomfortable place...
As several former quarrels I and others were involved were able to show, with  a
little -openminded- speech  to each other, those  quarrels are easy to bring out
of the way, but this means always that both sides have to be openminded, in fact
usually this works, esp. in the parts of the Atari community called "Demo Scene"
as we all have one common thing in our mind... And if  something isn't discussed
out, the waves are  going smaller after some time as well as normally we respect
each other as person and usually just judge the things the single ones are doing
and not that much the people behind this stuff.

It seems as  the Atari community  outside this little special part, is much more
uncomfortable, as those people haven't such big relations to each other and that
since they  don't stick that  close to each  other, makes  it easier to ram down
others  in the  most  aggressive  way, just  because  they  don't  know anything
about the others really, so why care about them...

To sum it up... James is writing down stuff in the most aggressive way, thinking
he will  reach it to stuff other peoples mouths, and this happens not only here,
also several  forums, esp. comp.sys.atari.st are  showing up  his ugly attitude,
where he is rambling against others in a very unfriendly and arrogant way...

In the end he's  still claiming  about my  so bad review of "ST Offline" back in
issue 21 where  he started his  attacks against me and the ugly online magazine,
that UCM still isn't  all about and never will be... After all this ugly attacks
and the fact that he is in view of Chris Swinson the most grateful Atarian Chris
knows at all, I really wonder what James has done to save ST Offline?
What has he done to save the magazine? Nothing, just attacking others because of
a review he don't even found by himself, where he had must be guided to and this
in a time, as ST Offline was already burried and gone...

But I will  end this up  here as James isn't worth to think more about, he's far
to primitive in  his thoughts and structures as his repeadetly missunderstanding
and ignorance  in those 3 mails  are showing  up, it's better to leave such guys
behind as they haven¥t anything to contribute except bullshit...
He obviously  tries to stay  for other peoples, esp. the ones that took him into
the ring  to fight for  them, that is a quite lame attitude as well, but in this
point he thinks with his aggressive way of being he can make  other peoples stay
back and maybe  he would  like to see  it, if we would never say anything again,
but here he is living in the stone age... today we have the right of free speech
and the right  to express our thoughts about everything we want and in this case
I don't care  about the things  he's kicking  into the ring, I would be the last
who would  shut up his  mouth, esp. if someone is rambling against me in such an
uneducated and  primitive way, esp. since the original article published back in
UCM # 21 didn't attacked  him (hence we wasn't involved into the mag overall...)
personally at all  but he used it to attack me personally, not the things I have
written there.
Here we have again some individual that don't knows the frontier between reality
and virtuality, that  don't knows  where personal  attacks or  attacks against a
production start...

Such people  are quite  dangerous in  fact as they don't see the frontier we all
need to know  about and as  I remember, usually  such people  are ending up in a
psychiatric  hospital and since  I worked there a few years ago, I know what I'm
speaking of... hehehe

Ok... So let's  see what  happens next :)  I just  wonder  why  James was always
replying to my mails even if he repeadetly thinks it has no sense and the effort
to do so is lost time...
Obviously  he's one of  the guys who  think they're  right if they have the last
word in a discussion (that isn't one at all), and to prove their simple thoughts
they will always reply, again and again, of course without new views in sight.
It sometimes seems as he used OMA, the little tool to create instant text out of
a limited  number of words, but  I hope for  him his brain is able to do more as
this little 3o KB program...

So James, wherever  you are, whatever  you do, don't  take the effort to mail me
again as I decided to  ignore you and your  postings as those are just bullshit,
as you aren't  able and willing  to understand anything I write and anything UCM
is about. Just congratulate  yourself to  be present in this massive way in this
issue of  UCM and congratulate  yourself to  the real good  job to  support your
friend Chris Swinson, as  I offered  to support him  after a few  mail swaps but
hence he  took you  in the ring, don't  ask me  for the  reason, support  him by
yourself since I dropped all ideas to do so after your aggressive postings...
Maybe  you're  the  one, but  then I  wonder why  Mega Magazine, the  ST Offline
magazine and  last but  not least  the game "It's great" for Atari ended up that
way... Obviously  those productions  needed a bit  more than just a guy stomping
around like a gorilla and smashing anyone his fist into the face...

After all  the strangest thing  happened with Chris Swinson itself, who ended up
his  last mail  with "help us to help you"... do you  really think  after such a
campaign James was  running against my person, that I would have any interest to
help you, Chris? I told you  about the  things James  is doing and you obviously
think you  and James are  right, if  this is  true, don't  moan around about the
missing  support from other Atarians, don't moan about ignoring your projects as
you are responsible for this alone...
Furthermore  I even would  skip any  help from  you since I don't need help from
guys that acting that aggressive towards me, not really against the things I do,
no, in the first  stage against me as person... I really would stomp out a whole
issue of UCM alone instead to show you guys off what YOU - aren't- able to do!

The -really- interested  persons will surely find a  way to  get hold of all the
old issues, as they're wide  spread around  on the  net, several homepages offer
different issues to download and many of the old issues are available on several
ftp servers...

Ok, that's it... enough time  wasted while  thinking about ideas and people that
obviously aren't  worth it... Just want to point out that any new posts from our
special friend  will be brought -uncommented- into the feedback area of the next
issue, that will be my only  reaction in the future as there are better and more
important things to do...

                                                                         moondog
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------