--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       DA -REAL- SCENE NEWS AND RUMOURS
                     ------------------------------------
                   collected by POPPMANN of FISCHBRŽT CORP.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CHICKENPOINT

- DUMBJAM is exploring  the depths of Handy displays now and promises to release
  some demo screens  for Vodafone based on D2load-a-game soon. I guess   we will
  see Jasmin again!
- HOTMATE renamed himself into TORSTEN lately, quite cool nick, no? As we  asked
  him if  he will do  some pixelstuff  again he just told me the same as all the
  years before: the scene sucks, there is no need, no competition, no fame...
  and he is just still here as he want's to see it die soon, as he promised over
  the last 3 years.

CUNT GIRLS

- After they  started to  crash, ups, wrong... crack software  and the  quarrels
  that rised again  with their moves, some unmentioned members of the scene told
  us, that  all will be  forgotten if  they would  come over to a party to offer
  their tight  pussies for  a nice little  gangbang. As we have been told, there
  are already lists  created... so be fast if you want to belong to the first 5o
  guys! Mail to gangbang@atari.org
- Meanwhile the page that offered the cracked ONANIplayer was removed again from
  the net... too bad as we now have to go back to handjob...

DESTRUCT CREW

- HOSHI is  willing to kick  out more of  his hot compact disx  soon. He claimed
  that he got hold of some very rare games like "Populous" and "Eliminator".
  The next  menu  will break  all our expectations. As we  asked  HOSHI why he's
  doing a  3 disk version of "Eliminator" when  the game originally doesn't even
  needed one  disk, he told us: "Man, I wanted  to get rid of  other cracks  and
  hacks I did  before and  so I decided  to split up the  game to have some data
  disks left I can fill up then..." Rular!

DREAM

- Yeps, we have some  interesting news  from them as  well. We've been told that
  MAO has  too much to do with the YMCA ROCKERS that he can't  support the works
  in his main group anymore.
- Furthermore  ULTRA told  us that he's  going to  change his  nick  again as he
  want's to  add FAIRY to it... "Fairy Ultra  is the best choice  for me because
  the dish  cleaner with  the same name, is the best around and so am I...". But
  on the very eager question, what will happen to their demo "Deftig" he decided
  to leave the IRC and came not back.

DHS (DAMN HOT SWEDES)

- They  claimed  that there  will  be no  Faclon demo  presented  by them on the
  forthcoming  ERROR IN BRAIN party  as they  still  wait for  their accelerator
  board. Their  main coder told  us: see, as our skills aren't that good we need
  this  board to make  place one at  the compo, no  board = no 1st place, and we
  can't accept it any longer to stay just on place 2!

LETHAL MISTRESS 2oo2

- We all  wondered what  happened  to this great  project and so we asked CYKLOP
  what happened. He told us that he is running out of money as he didn't matched
  it to sell  all the old  copies of "Lethal Mistress". And  since this he isn't
  able to pay  the model that  was acting for the grafix. He told us that he had
  laying around  about 1oo copies original boxed still. Wow! Maybe he has to put
  some used  slips into the  boxes as goodie  then, I guess they would sell like
  hot sausages  then! But he  promises still to  work further  on the  game  and
  revealed  new features: ou r hero, the lethal mistress  will get  a new weapon
  then, a sling, and a few new enemies like bondaged fat guys with leather masks
  will apear at the end of several levels as well... coool!

PARANOIA

- We´ve been told that PARANOID is thinking about a new name for  the group, his
  faves seem to be "DEMENTIA" and "SHIZOPHRENE". Not only that the group members
  were getting  tired to  work in a  group that seem  to has the  name  from its
  leader, no, they  also got  copyright problems  with the guys of PARANOIA that
  were  around in 1994... Those  told us: "As  we see it, that paranoid guy will
  get our  laurels for his  own fame as he for  himself didn´t matched it to get
  bigger attention in the todays scene!"

REGULAR DROPS

- This cool band from Britain  told me that  there is new stuff in the pipeline,
  and since  their last  games were that much appreciated  in the  scene (do you
  remember "Superhigh" and "Santahigh", the action  that offered a  small hidden
  feature as the  original disx included cocaine  that had to  be sniffed before
  playing and offered a special game mode then.
  STINK, their  main coder told me  that the new  game will be called "Jointland
  Adventures" and it will be shareware. Registered users will get a pack of weed
  that was imported right away from Holland. It promises  only in the registered
  version game modes that were never seen before on Atari. Cool!

SECTOR 0,5

- FPU-MC told me lately that  there is no  new demo  planned by them as their so
  called friends of "DšNN" decided to  work alone as  they don´t  need bootblock
  coders... ah!

TNB (THE NAKED BARCODES)

- FLUSH appeared  on the latest  party, again  giving us  prove that he lost his
  latest skills in painting as he´s ripping of the corpses of other graficians..
  He told us "vampirism belongs  to the todays  scene like a  turned crucifix to
  a satanist..."
- Meanwhile another member popped up again, XXL, who seemed to  be vanished from
  the screen for  quite a long time. He  turned back to activity and reactivated
  his Faclon  to create  some music, even if it's  doubtful that  we will  see a
  production with it somewhen, as there is no coder left.

TSCC (THE SHITTY CODE CRUNCHERS)

- MC NASENMANN now  officially has  chosen  a new  nickname: LOTEKSTYLE... as we
  asked him  why he  has done  this he  told us: "After 13 years activity I have
  decided to face  the truth. Since I always took the 3rd place at competitions,
  the quality of my music output must be of a quite low technical level...)
- The title of their forthcoming demo on Falcon was revealed as well, "DREAMS"..
  So what? The  reason was quite  simple as GAY, the maincoder told us: "We took
  that name as we aren't able to hold the standard all others have set and we´re
  just dreaming of the routines we would present, if we could..." aaaah, did you
  got the point?!
- MARSDOG isn't going tired to finish one  issue of his unfamous  UNDERWEAR mags
  after another, alone... We still don´t got the point why he's doing this as it
  obviously  nobody reads it... We  have been told  that he will go on untill he
  killed  the scene completely. To get  rid of this  dumb magazine we should all
  quit now to delete his possibilities to piss more people on the legs...
  Lately we have been told that MARSDOG is going to  spread the coming  issue of
  UNDERWEAR MAG together with one week used slips by  himself to  come closer to
  his goal to kill the scene.

YMCA ROCKERS

- A new volume of their cool shit music  compiles is going to  be released quite
  soon but MAO seems to be a bit out of order as it was already announced to  be
  released before Xmas last  year... We've have been heard that the demo will be
  called "Dopestars" as the most musics  were composed under drugs as nobody can
  stand the noises of the soundchip at full consciousness.

                                                      see ya next time, POPPMANN
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
