<--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      INTERVIEW WITH THE RESERVOIR GODS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This interview  was done  for Undercover and  ST Computer magazine. Originally I
thought the  german translation should be released in issue o3/o3 of ST Computer
but as  I must see  later, due  to unknown  reasons it didn't appeared there, at
least not  in the issue  I thought I have created it for... So  I wont bound you
any longer onto the  tormenting chair  and will  release the original version in
here as planned...

UCM - Hello together, today  we wanna  enlight a  little  the things  around the
      Reservoir Gods and as it  isn't easy to speak  about gods  without knowing
      anything about  them, let's start with a short round up of your group, who
      belongs to  it and what are  his jobs and last but not least what  are you
      doing apart from being goddesses on the fuji system?

MrPink - I  work  for  Electronic Arts  as  a  games  coder, mainly  working  on
         Playstation2, but have also done some stuff on Gamecube and PSX.

MSG - I do most  of music  for the group. I  am a games  designer in  real life,
      designing and  releasing games  on Gameboy Advance and I've also done a PC
      title.

Stratagem - I've developed in the past  modems  and isdn cards for  US Robotics,
            currently I'm working  for Belkin and doing all the networking stuff
            for our german office.


UCM - As you're  nine years  active as  Reservoir Gods now, it  is some  kind of
      interesting  to know if there was a life before it? I know some of you are
      around on the Atari scene for  a long time  already. So please  tell us in
      short snippets about your Atari scene history.

MrPink - The core  of the team  knew each other long before RG was born, we were
         in  a small  ST cracking  group. Whilst  we were  never the  most  high
         profile hackers  on the scene, it  was a great  chance to  build up our
         skills and learn the hardware inside out.

MSG - I think I  am the newest  to Atari. I got my ST in '93 and got  into doing
      chip music back  then, I met SH3 at university and we became good friends.
      Later I met Mr.Pink and things  really started rolling, we started meeting
      regulary and  there was a great jump in productivity, we released GodleNES
      and GodBoy during this time.

Stratagem - Kids... I'm on the ST since october 1985...


UCM - It is quite seldom on the Atari scene, that such a constant team is in the
      first time game oriented, esp. without making money and such high quality.
      Why have you decided to go that way?

MrPink - Yeah, it  is pretty unusual. It goes back to  the reason the  group was
         formed. SH3  and I were early  adopters  of the Falcon, and  it quickly
         became  clear  that  there  was  going  to be a  lack  of decent  games
         software. We decided  we wanted to  remedy that situation  by producing
         games of our own.
         I love demos, but I don't think I have the mindset to be  a really good
         demo coder. I can  see an effect and work out how it  was coded, but as
         for  thinking  up  new  and  original  effects .. well  thats a  pretty
         difficult  skill. There are many others who can do this work far better
         than me.
         But there  aren't too many people out there making  really high quality
         games for the Atari, not that they don't have the talent, just the time
         and effort  involved to  produce a game is enough to put people  off or
         prevent game projects getting finished.
         Writing games  is really  good fun, and we have been lucky in the  fact
         that a  lot of our  games are  fun to  play. When we  are still playing
         games after we have released them (after months of tiring work on them)
         and are not yet sick of them, that's always a good sign :)


UCM - A few of your new  members were stuck quite deep into  demo development in
      former times, will  this point will get some higher priority in the future
      of  the  Reservoir Gods  someday?  Or  will  you  stay  as  game  oriented
      developers?

MrPink - I wouldn't discount demo activity from the team. Keep your  eyes peeled
         at EIL :)  I think  we will  do some  more  demo stuff  in the  future,
         personally I'm quite interested in playing around with things like CT60
         and supervidel when they arrive, but games will be our main focus.


UCM - Interesting  in my eyes  is the fact, that the Reservoir Gods  were Falcon
      only oriented  untill the  big break 1999, and  even if your games reached
      professional  quality, you didn't  decided to  publish them as  commercial
      games, even if  there surely  was a big market for such high quality games
      back in those times. What were the reasons to make only freeware stuff?

MrPink - Well, it  was the  case that some of our   early  titles were shareware
         (Tautology 2, Double Bobble 2000). I didn't  want to  get  a part  time
         job - I  wanted  to  dedicate  all  my  spare  time  to  Atari, so  the
         registrations were helpful at the time.
         There was a big publishing deal  lined up for  Double Bobble, but Taito
         wanted 250,000 UKP for the license, a ridiculous figure, we could never
         hope to sell enough copies to justify this.
         At the end of the  day, we  were doing  stuff for the  Atari because we
         loved the  machine and  loved the scene. handling the registrations for
         shareware stuff was quite time consuming, and that was time we felt was
         better spent coding/painting and composing.


UCM - After your break you suddenly released st compatible games, that are using
      the different possibilities as its best, except the falcon... what brought
      you to this hard step?

MrPink - I have to be totally  honest about this, it was due to  Steem. I'd been
         having  quite a  lot of  problems with  my Falcon, losing  data, broken
         monitor port  and keyboard  problems. This  was causing me to be  quite
         demotivated. Plus I  was getting to  used to the  development tools and
         environment I  used at work, trying  to use devpac after this was a bit
         limiting. So I got a  laptop, installed the dev tools I use at work and
         got hold of the Steem emulator.
         I know that emulator use is still slightly controversial, but for me it
         has been invaluable. I have  been able to  take my laptop into work and
         do Atari stuff during quiet moments.
         This doesn't  discount us  to do more  Falcon stuff in the  future - in
         fact we are quite  eager to do this. I just got a new Falcon last week,
         so let's see what happens :)

MSG - Maybe my  memories are  somewhat  selective but I am  sure I was  going on
      about  doing ST compatible stuff sometime before we got round to doing it.
      The main reason  was that my DSP had broken and I couldn't run  any of our
      previous productions. The jump to ST stuff was good news to me.

Stratagem - I have  lotsa machines  over here (about 20 different  machines) for
            testing (specially Pink's code, hehe)


UCM - Somehow you can say, that everything you're getting your hands on is going
      to be gold, so  who is the brain  behind all those nice game  conversions/
      ideas? Who says: that thing is nice, that will be our next project? or are
      you working out together what title could be the next thing?

MrPink - I don't think any one person can take  the credit .. it's  definitely a
         group thing. To take  some recent  examples, Neo was  heavily  involved
         with  gettting  "Chu Chu Rocket"  right,  whilst  the  idea  for  doing
         "Godpey" came from SH3 (he  first showed me this game on his Wonderswan
         at EIL2 party). Havoc/FUN must get some credit for  persuading us  into
         "Superfly". But it is one thing to decide on the idea for a game, it is
         another to make it good. I  have got some  very strong ideas  about how
         games are  designed, and  this comes  from my experience  in the  games
         industry  plus  studying  the  works  of  people  like Shigeru Miyamoto
         (Nintendo), Yu Suzuki (Sega) and Yuji Naka (Sonic Team). These days I'm
         very conscious  about the idea of "metagames" as I think they can add a
         great deal of value and replayability to a product.
         The thing  is, it  is quite  easy  to get  a basic  game engine up  and
         running. To that  into a complete, fully playable and entertaining game
         is the  hard  bit, and  that's  what  takes  the  time. There are  many
         examples of  Atari teams creating impressive early demos  of games that
         never  get finished. Whilst  we generally  get the basic game engine up
         and running in a matter of weeks, polishing and testing take months.
         Over the  last year  we have to be very thankful  to Stratagem  who has
         worked  tirelessly  to  ensure  the  quality  and  reliability  of  our
         productions.

MSG - Although I  do design in real life, I very rarely need to get involved  as
      we (RG) usually know what  kind of game can be done. It's usually a sudden
      "We can do this game, can't we?" and everyone will agree or disagree there
      and then. It's usually very quick to sort out what we can do. I would like
      to point  out, it  was my idea for the "wear it on your head" in Godpey, I
      had seen something  on a Japanese  game which  hasn't been released and we
      just had to use it..


UCM - While watching your output it is easy to see that the majority of them are
      puzzle/reaction  games, belongs  this to  your  private  tastes  or  is it
      because of  the possibilities  to realise them on the Atari hardware? Real
      action titles  are a bit  rare in  your big  output/softography. So please
      tell us.

MrPink - There  are a  couple  of reasons  for this. The obvious  one being that
         puzzle games are slightly easier  to create. With puzzle games you have
         a defined  set of rules  and it is easier to balance everything into an
         addictive game. With  action games, it is one thing to get an engine up
         and running, but  takes a  long time to  design each level, and it is a
         lot harder to be sure that a level will be fun to play.
         We are certainly not  going to be restricting ourselves to puzzle games
         only, we do have some ideas for more action style titles.


UCM - How does  it run  usually  if you  are going  to create  a title, are  you
      checking at  first  if  it is  visual possible  or if  the code is easy to
      recreate? Are  you working hand  in hand or is one working on the code for
      example and  is going to ask the others for their contributions at a point
      where the game  engine is up and running? Who is the master and who is the
      slave, harhar :)

MrPink - Yeah, at first  we assess the technical requirements of the title. Then
         we try  to get a  basic game  engine up and running, at the first stage
         there will  probably be  some programmer drawn art for testing. As soon
         as the artists see this they will soon want to paint something new :)
         We construct quite detailed lists of requirements for audio and art. As
         new art  assets arrive, stuff  will be  coded around them. The music is
         usually done  in parallel  with the  game  development as there  are no
         dependencies between the game and the tunes, and it is usually the last
         thing to go in.

MSG - No kidding! Usually I think  there's loads  of time to do music, so I take
      my time then  suddenly the game is finished and there's no music. This has
      happened on both "Chu Chu Rocket" and "Godpey".

Stratagem - Most of the time we  have to wait for MSGs music - because no-one of
            the gods wanna sing different songs for a game :-)


UCM - Somehow you invented  the online scores for the Atari system, what brought
      you to this step, that is quite usual on other systems?

MrPink: Neo originally  suggested  this idea  for "Chu Chu Rocket", but we never
        got round to doing it. Stratagem again brought up the idea for "Godpey".
        We did think  it was a good way of creating a little community  of Atari
        games players, with everyone competiting against each other. It's been a
        lot of fun  to put  these high  score tables together, with many  strong
        competitors, especially Nemo at "Godpey" and Xerus 1 at "Superfly".
        moondog wasn't so bad either ;)


UCM - Looking back  onto your  softography, what  title is in your eyes the best
      one  and which  release do you  regret a bit  today? On what  title do you
      wanted to do something more if it would be possible?

MrPink - Difficult  one! It's  funny, I  like  different  titles  for  different
         reasons. "Double Bobble 2000" is one of  the titles I'm  most proud of,
         that really  helped to place us on the scene. Ripley and SH3's graphics
         were great, and  it really showed for the first time we could  create a
         game that was as good (if not better) than the commercial version.
         "Godpaint" was  a key release, we  used  this for all our Falcon stuff,
         the importance of this package to us can't really be underestimated.
         I  think for  the timescale  they were  created in, "Bunion Canyon" and
         "Bugger" are surprisingly  entertaining. Although  they weren't  really
         big hits, both "Skyfall" and "Static" are great fun to play, especially
         in multiplayer mode. I'm really proud of the stuff we did with Maggie -
         the issue #18 ressurection  with  Falcon shell  and Tat's  intro  has a
         special place in our hearts :)
         As for stuff  we could do better - well every time I look an old game I
         think "if only we added this", but  at the end  of the day you can keep
         adding features to a game forever, and at some point you have to make a
         cut off point and get it released!
         Obviously, the  first "Tautology" was a bit of a shambles, but  I think
         we got  it right  the second  time round. I'd  love to do an  update of
         "Godpaint" at some point too.

MSG - I think "Double Bobble 2000" was a major point in my life, it had just got
      reviewed in  ST Format, getting 96% and I was "I have to do something with
      these  guys!". "Bunion Canyon"  was  probably  the  most  played, since my
      girlfriend  at the time just couldn't stop playing that game. I think Leon
      forgot the mention that we both loved "Megaman", so that's why there  were
      a few of those released!


UCM - Esp. for MrPink, as known you are working/worked on games industry lately,
      have you made  experiences there you can bring into your games development
      on the Atari machines? Or was it more turnaround?

MrPink - For sure. I  have learnt  so much  from  being  in  the game  industry,
         especially at  EA where the standard of talent is higher than any other
         games company I've ever seen. I really have improved as a coder hugely.
         Although a  lot of  this is in  the  area of  3d graphics, which  isn't
         really directly  applicable to the ST, I  think a more crucial  area is
         software architecture.
         The real key to making a successful, realiable production  and actually
         finishing it  is down to  your  software  architecture. I've got  a lot
         better at  architecturing the code, designing  reusable  components and
         systems. This means I can take modules from game to game and don't have
         to do everything from scratch each time. It also means that the code is
         a lot  more flexible (it  is easier  for me to  add features  or change
         things around) and a lot more reliable - I get a lot fewer really nasty
         bugs  in  my code  these days. That's  not to  say there  are  no  bugs
         (Stratagem will  affirm this) but  once a problem has been  discovered,
         its easy to find it in the code and fix it.

MSG - It's certainly is an eye opener when you work in the games industry. A lot
      of the experiences  that are learned  from Atari  development are  just as
      useful in  Gameboy development  though, small  teams, cross-over  in  job,
      being  able to  deal  with  more  that one aspect of everything, it's  all
      useful.


UCM - And, if we  can ask you, what is in the pipeline? Are there  some precious
      projects coming along to feed the hype around the Reservoir Gods?

MrPink - Yes, there  are quite  a few  projects  in the pipeline. However, we do
         prefer  to hype up  games after their release, not before  it. Projects
         always take  slightly  longer than  you  expect  and  we don't  like to
         frustrate  people by  anouncing productions  that won't  be ready for a
         long  time. However, "Faeryland Adventures" - this  is  a collaboration
         with Dune & Sector One. It's  a game based around "Puzzle Bobble", with
         some quite beautiful graphics from Mic of Dune and some cool music from
         DMA-SC. The main game engine is up and running, but we have to do a lot
         of work on the level designs and front end.


UCM - Speaking of  projects, I know  of some ideas  or  maybe dreams  the one or
      other has, so please tell us, what game idea you dream of to convert it to
      the Atari system? What  thing do  you  really want  to  see on our  system
      sometimes?

MrPink - Heh, there  are so  many! Every  time I play a cool game I think "damn,
         I'd love to do an Atari version of this!".
         Obviously  some aren't  really possible (e.g. "Shenmue"!) but  anything
         within the  technical possibilities has a chance. I guess my dream game
         (and probably SH3's) would  be a japanese style RPG, something like the
         original "Final Fantasy" games  on the NES, but  this  would  require a
         huge amount of work in level design and scripting.

MSG - It's always hard to think what's next. The Atari is quite limited. I would
      love to  do a shoot'em up like "R-Type" or "Lethal Xcess", but the trouble
      is with companies like Treasure it's hard to compete! :)


UCM - Have you ever thought about some kind of poll where the  people can decide
      what project will be realised next? :)

MrPink - Well, we  already  have many  ideas  for  cool new  projects  that will
         stretch to fill  all our free time. But we are open to other ideas, and
         if we think it's viable there is a chance of it happening.


UCM - Taking a look around, there aren't much game developpers left on the Atari
      system. How  do you  feel staying  a bit alone on the front? Does it makes
      you working harder to entertain the surviving atarians as good as possible
      or are you missing the competition?

MrPink - Good question. I think  this could  be a problem if we just lived  in a
         cocoon  just looking  at other  Atari productions, but  this isn't  the
         case. Myself, Griff and MSG  all work  in  the  games industry  so  are
         exposed to all  the latest  games and  technologies. Also, most  of the
         gods are big gamers.
         Personally  I  own  NES,  SNES,  Megadrive,  Playstation,  Saturn, N64,
         Gameboy Colour,  Dreamcast, Gameboy Advance,  Wonderswan,  Gamecube and
         Wonderswan Colour  consoles and a  large range of games - so we do keep
         up with whats current in the gaming field.

MSG - Leon is such  a show off! SH3 has the best collection of hardware, Leon is
      a close second. I am just a Nintendo kid.


UCM - At last one  little question... apart  from  game development  there isn't
      much left of the works of the Res Gods atm, you were famous for the rework
      of the Maggie  and its new height in the late nineties. Why you decided to
      leave out  this works again? After  you left, Maggie died  and we lost the
      longest  running  diskmag  on  the Atari system... Was it a clumb on  your
      feet?

MrPink - It  is a  real shame  about  Maggie. It  was so  much fun  putting this
         together. Sure  we had big wars  with UCM, but  I think this was a good
         thing - this  competition pushed both magazines to strive their hardest
         to beat the other and produce the best magazine possible. RG Maggie was
         a different style  to other diskzines, there was a lot of humour in the
         articles, perhaps not all of it understood by everyone (there were many
         in jokes) but I think the diversity was a good thing.
         I do think  that at  this point, UCM is  as good as  it has  ever  been
         (even, or maybe because, it  is  mainly just Eric wring), Chris and Seb
         are doing a good job with Alive! And the latest issue of Chosneck had a
         very nice  interface. But  I still  think without  Maggie, something is
         missing - it had something unique that can't really be replaced.


UCM - Ok, thanx for your patience and please bring us some new food soon so that
      we we can praise again to the Gods of the Reservoir :)

                                              interview done by moondog - o3/2k3
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
