PURE BOLLOCKS MAG


-- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * --

                 PURE BOLLOCKS 21 MAGAZINE REVIEW
                          - by Slimer - 

-- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * -- * --

It looks like the scottisch ST scene have also their own diskmagazine these
days, we stumbled upon a new magazine called Pure Bollocks.
Although the issue number says 21 it is actually the first release, the
magazine is created by a group called Network Trash.

The whole show starts with an intro,

You get some floppy copy info first followed by the title of the magazine.
After all this a module begins to play and a picture pops up, it says
" Gonads of the year 21 ".
The piccie disappears again and a text routine shows some info and greetings.
If you keep the space bar pressed you will get to the last part of the intro.
The last part contains a small menu, a moving background and a small 
scrolline in the lower part of the screen.
The menu has three options,

1 magazine + intro.
2 magazine.
3 exit.

When you press 1 you get a old fashion 3D intro that has something to do with
the code of Powerman of TWB( hey who cares ).
After you press space you get the message " Now loading the magazine ".

---------------------------- THE MAIN MENU ----------------------------------

On the left side of the mainmenu is a vertical scrolline and underneath that
scrolline is the vertical text " Pure Bollocks " sliding up 'n down.
In the middle of things is a big box with titles of articles, you can scroll
through them with your cursor keys and select one with the spacebar.
On the left side you will see the article number and the amount of articles in
the magazine ( at the end of the list ).
                                         ~ghost.bl2~
The menu contains the following topics,

Editorial Stuff                   
Falcon News and Opinions
Sad Case Corner
Features
Opinion
Network Trash
Coding
Hacking with 6025
Fictional Ramblings
Complete Trash from Network Trash
Finally

Each topic has several articles to choose from.
There are also a few shell functions in this menu to make live a bit easier.
You can choose between several music's in a separate music menu, there are
options to scroll faster through the menu and short cuts to enter an article
faster ( although you have to see what number an article has first ).
Most options can be activated by pressing ALT and another key, it makes me
feel like i'm using a wordproccesor( i don't like that ).

The magazine can also store an article, you can see it by pressing Return.
Both mouse and keys are supported, you can toggle between them, the system
still contains some bugs.
When you use your mouse in keymode the whole thing will crash and visa versa.

------------------------------- CONTENTS ------------------------------------

There are 47 articles, which is quite a lot for a first issue.
Most articles contain some offending language, maybe it has something to do
with the fact that this is an undergound magazine.
The people behind this magazine are clearly inspired by Amazine and i can
help myself by thinking of our old magazine shell when i see some of the
features they use in their shell.

You can press help to see the options, level indicators and a scrolline.

We where quite suprised by finding a Xbios calls list from D.B.A. issue 6
between other information in the Falcon corner of the magazine.
It's okay to use articles from our magazine but please contact us first before
you decide to publish them !!
That you like cracking/hackin' doesn't give you the right to rip our articles
so remember what i said and we can all can live in peace and harmony !

There was also a roundup of disk magazine's in the Opinion corner which
contains some strange charts.
It seems that Ledgers has most articles (?), and Pure Bollocks is the number
one magazine(?).
Hey it's okay to put your own magazine on place one, but isn't it much better
to let your readers do a chart instead of publishing your own !?
We never publish charts written by ourself, it's always done by outsiders.

I found the though talk in Pure Bollocks rather amuzing, especially the
part of beeing a magazine with new ideas ( sort of blowing a fresh wind 
through the scene stuff ).

You seem to think that it is easy to keep a magazine filled up with orginal
articles and stuff !
Well, just wait till you reach the point where we are now and you'll be
suprised how hard it gets to keep the whole thing running smoothly.
So don't talk though when you still haven't reached something !
By the way this is not ment to be a slagging, but some normal criticism !

The rest of the articles are well written and are interesting to read.
It's following the same line as Amazine but has some better articles here
and there.

---------------------------- THE TEXT DISPLAYER ----------------------------

The text displayer is very fast and looks quite smooth, it has limited 
functions like scrolling up and down and an option to go to the top or the
bottom of the article.
I could not find a page up/down function and the page counter is rather
confusing.

The displayer is avarage and does what it's supposed to do and that's all !

-------------------------------- CONCLUSION --------------------------------

A good start for a first issue, the shell is good enough but not quite as
good as some of the more bigger elite magazine's.
It beats Ledgers and the magazine's using pull-down menu though !

The displayer is also not bad for a magazine but it still lacks some really
usefull options like page up/down and a proper page counter !

The articles are quite good and i enjoyed reading them.
You are certainly going the right way, but don't start ripping articles
without permission from the authors or you might get in big trouble with your
fellow disk magazine's !
Much luck for the future and contact us........

SHELL           : 7 ( still has some bugs )
TEXTDISPLAYER   : 7
CONTENTS        : 7+ ( you don't need swearing to become popular )

OVERALL         : 7

