STAR WARS RETURNS ?

Is there another war going on amongst the stars...

Well yes it seems that way. I (Bonus) for one am a very big star wars 
fan and it seems there are a lot of people with me. Why do i think so 
you  might wonder... Easy, in these last few months there are 3 new 
pre-views on different kind of machines all based on those films.
But they are all on different machines and not one of them is on the 
ST or even planned. I know we already had 3 games as there were Star 
Wars, The empire strikes back and The return of a Jedi but these new 
games open a new dimension.

I will just name them...

X-wing (still only for PC)

This one looks very very nice indeed. You are in control of a A wing 
fighter, an B wing fighter or even an X wing fighter. We have seen al 
these types in the films. You can choose one of these types the enter 
the battle against the imperial Tie Fighters. But before that you will 
have to go to school to learn all there is about flying, tactics and 
then you can go on your fist mission. That could be attack an group an 
imperial troop of fighters and freighters, attack the deathstar or the 
supply canals. There are 12 till 15 missions each has 3 parts in it 
and you can play them in whatever way of difficulty. But the best way 
to get into things is to play it in the right sequence. The game isn't 
ready yet although it should have been before Christmas. They had a 
little trouble and now it will be somewhere around May. The few 
screenshots we have seen sofar look very good. Very nice graphix, good 
sound (for a PC with the ADLIB cart, and moves fast, again only on a 
386. There was a version planned for your harddisk but now it seems 
there will be a CD ROM version also with even more marvelous pictures 
and sound. And to keep this item ever hotter they already planned two 
mission disks and a follow up on this game.  Because it looks all so 
very well i would like a version of this game on my Atari soon. But 
looking at the speed of the 68000 and resolution it is not very likely 
it will ever appear. But on a Falcon it should do a good job, and 
excellent job if it is made for it. I really hope so and i call out to 
Lucas Art Design make a version of this game for the Falcon so we can 
all can play Star Wars again...

Super Star Wars, a new hope. (SNES)

This version of a Star Wars game is made by JVC/Lucas Arts. This game 
is a mixture of different kind of games like level and ladder games 
and 3D shoot'em up's.To be precise, 11 levels are a kind of jumping 
and shooting like we all know very well, the other 4 are 3D flying 
with landspeeder and x wing fighter. You can also choose who you want
to be, Luke Skywalker, Han Solo or Chewbacca.Let's even take a closer
look at each level... 

Level 1
Tatooine: You have to defend yourself on this planet against Womp 
rats, scorpions and other flying reptils.

Level 2:
You are flying over Tatoonie in it's desert with you old landspeeder 
in 3D. While you are doing this there are also some Jawa's you must 
shoot.

Level 3:
You finnaly reached the Jawa Sandcrawler. You will have to reach the 
door on top to get into the crawler, but stationair and moving objects 
prefend you from doing so.     

Level 4:
So if you managed level 3 you are now in the Sandcrawler, and you will 
have to fight against powerdroids, lasercanons and more of those 
things.

Level 5:
Land of the Sandpeople, you know those strange figurs with small pipes 
coming out of there masks. Together with R2D2 you will have to travel 
through their land against the Tusken Raiders.

Level 6:
Land of the Banthas, the big animals the Tusken Raiders use to ride 
on. But with the lichtsaber Ben Kenobi gave you you can defend 
yourself against these big and bad smelling animals

Level 7:
Landspeeder time is up again. With Ben Kenobi, R2D2 and T3PO, you will 
have to travel to Mos Eisley to get yourself a schip to escape from 
this planet. Looks very much like level 2

Level 8:
Mos Eisley, you reached it. This is a place to battle through the 
worst kind of people and aliens you have ever seen.

Level 9:                                                                          
Battle in the cantina, Chewbacca will fight against some of the worst 
crimanals you can find in that universe. Some of then wanted over 12 
worlds...

Level 10:
Escape from Mos Eisley, trying to get to Docking Bay 94 where the 
Falcon (not not the computer), Han Solo's schip is waiting for you and 
your friends. But there are repair droids and loaders that try to hold 
you on Tatooine.

Level 11:
Hangars of the Deathstar, finally escape and before you know it you 
are pulled into the Deathstar facing new dangers. You will have to 
travel through these hangars to find a control room and to kill the 
tractorbeam that pulled you in.

Level 12:
Save the Princes, but Turture Droids will try to stop you while you're 
at it.

Level 13:
The tractorbeam reactor, destroy it and you will be able to leave the 
Deathstar with the Falcon and the Princes.

Level 14:
Deathstar, after you returned the princes savely your battle starts 
against the Deathstar. Flying over his landscape and try to kill 
canons,other laserturets and ofcourse imperial TIE Fighters.

Level 15:
The shaft, the final moment. Try to get the bomb in to the reactor 
shaft and start a chain reaction to destroy the Deatstar.

After that the end sequence is yours but you will have a long way to 
go...
The people that know the film will see that this game is following the 
film on foot. Exactly the same, whinch is very nice because now you 
know what is expected from you. It all looks again very nice but yes 
it only works on that dame fine 16 Bit SNES. It's a very big game with 
nice grafix, it comes on a 8 Mega Bit cart so it must be big. I really 
hope the can make a version for our compter soon...

And the last one is,

Star Wars (game boy, that tiny little yellow and black play machine)

To be honest, it always looks shitty on a gameboy but okay. 
Considering it capabilities it's a good game. Just the same gameplay  
as it's SNES counterpart only the 3D is now also flat.And the gameplay
it is a bit hard and there is no password option or a save option so
to see every thing you have to be a good rebel...

So you see the all look nice i really hope that there will be a 
contribution for the Atari. Maybe even for the Lynx ???? We will see 
what the future will bring...


                                       Bonus Software
                                       (the Ultimate star wars Freak) 

P.s. you must see the collection i have, over 80 figurs of the film 
spaceship and a lot more from a time i collected every thing of it. It 
now all stands in boxes waiting for better times...



