SUICIDE


                        Suicide - a solution?
                        ---------------------

Nowadays there is a lot of  people.  who are unemployed. They have all
kind of problems: no money, no  friends.  Usually they think that they
have nothing at all. Well this may be true.

And it is not  only  our  visible  welfare  that  counts, but also our
spiritual conditition is important. May be  you have never heard, that
God has created you. The Word of God says:

        "He has also set eternity in the hearts of men; yet they
        cannot fathom what  God has done from beginning to end."
                                             -Ecclesiastes 3:11-

So, you are supposed to live forever.  There  is a hole in your heart,
which can be filled up only by the love of Jesus Christ. When you come
to know the power of His blood,  you  will  born again , you'll have a
new life with Jesus. That new  life  will satisfy all your needs. It's
not always easy to follow Jesus, but it is the only way to Heaven.

Well, I should now write  about  suicide.  I  know that there are many
people in this world who  has  thought  about committing a suicide. To
this kind of person I want to say: "Don't do it!"

I know that person who  is  disappointed  in  his  life may think that
suicide is a solution. You're wrong!  Only  a blind people (we all are
blind without the light of God) may think that suicide is an answer to
his pains. Also satan wants to  whisper  you  that kind of lies, don't
believe his stories. All satan wants is to get you to hell.

YOU ARE NOT "A MISTAKE"!!! That's it!  If God has created you, you are
not worth nothing. You are something special  and the price of a human
soul is very high: the blood of the  God's only Son. You are a sinner,
and you (as we all) deserve to spend  your life apart from the love of
God. But now I want to thank God,  because He has made it possible for
us to live forever with  Father,  Son  and  the Holy Spirit. Jesus was
crucified so that you could be forgiven. He  is the Lamb of God and He
is able to wash all your sins away.

So, don't commit a suicide.  It's  a  lie  that  there is some kind of
'higher understanding' after death. The  only higher wisdom comes from
God. And the wisdom of God  can  be  seen  when  you look to the Jesus
Christ being crucified for you. He loves you. He can perfectly set you
free. He can give you the meaning  for your life. He is Allmighty God.
He is the Ruler of this universe.  There  is  no more need for a self-
destruction!

If you want to start following  Jesus  you  can  do it right now. Just
tell God that you  are  sorry  for  all  your  sins and your rebellion
against the Living God. He will  forgive  you because of the sacrifice
He has made in Jesus Christ.  Now  you  can believe that all your sins
are forgiven. Maybe you still remember  them, but God doesn't remember
them!

Now I'd like to give you  some  advice.  Start reading The Holy Bible.
The Word of God is comparable  to  the  food. When you read the Bible,
you fill up your  'spiritual  stomach'.  Perhaps  it  would be good to
start from the gospels  (the  Gospel  of  John  is  very  good for new
children of God).

And of  course  it  is  important  to  pray  a  lot.  Praying  is like
breathing. You can do  it  all  the  time.  God  hears  you. And start
meeting other christians, but  be  aware:  There  are many people, who
seem to be christians, but they  are just fake-christians. If you want
to be sure who is a  real  christian,  talk  with them about Jesus. If
Jesus Christ is their Lord and their Saviour, you can trust them.

And if you have some kind  of  problems, don't hesitate to contact me.
The address is:
                            Juha Vihri„l„
                            Eljaksentie 6
                            62800 VIMPELI
                            FINLAND

                        God richly bless you!!!


                                            Sandman / A.M. 28.11.1993


