HARDWARE SCROLL

Hardware Scroll - The easy way.  (Written by Robert from T.A.B.)

Hello Boys and Girls,

I  want  to explain my new vertical  hardware  scroll  method.  I 
accidentally discovered this method while I was playing with some 
graphics  registers  to  open borders which  mostly  resulted  in 
distorted screens and a peeping monitor.

Lets try to install the routine listed below in a timer b  raster 
interupt halfway the screen.


timerb_int:     nop                     ; wait 4 clockcycles
                move.b  #2,$FFFF8260.w  ; switch to 70 Hz
                REPT 15
                nop                     ; wait 5*4 clockcycles
                ENDR
                move.b  #0,$FFFF8260.w  ; switch back to 50 Hz
                clr.b   $FFFFFA1B.w     ; timer b off
                bclr    #0,$FFFFFA0F.w  ; end of interupt 
                rte                     ; the end

This  normally is the routine I use to open the lower  border  in 
line 200, but then I switch to 60 Hz and back and 5 nops instead
of 15 nops.

When  you execute this routine after a couple of lines  you  will 
see a black line on the screen. Under this line you will see some 
distortion.  

Conclusion:  
This  routine  pushes  the screen one line down  from  where  you 
execute the routine.

If you wait till the next line and switch to 70 Hz and back to 50 
Hz again, then the screen will be pushed down 1 line again.
When  you do this at the top of the screen,  then you can  scroll 
the whole screen down by steps of 1 line. (it can't be smoother)
At  the top of the screen you haven't the distortion because  you 
switch before the visible lines.

With the Video Base registers $FFFF8201.w and $FFFF8203.w you can 
scroll vertically by steps of 8 lines.  When you combine these  2 
methods  you  can  scroll the whole screen in 0  to  7  scanlines 
processor  time.  (time  depents on no.  lines scrolled  down  by 
frequency switching.)

Now  we  have  the screen scrolling but you can  see  the  screen 
pulled down and then flipping up.  This is not a nice sight so we 
must  make a vissible window of the screen.  This can be done  by 
using timer b interupts to change the color pallete from black to 
color  at the beginning of the screen and from color to black  at 
the end of the screen.

The  first  timer b interupt to make the screen visible  must  be 
called at line (8-no. lines scrolled). This is because the pushed 
down lines are not counted.  

The  second  timer  b interupt too make the rest  of  the  screen 
invisible,  must be called 192 lines later. (or 191 lines to make 
a invisible color change)

Now  we  have  made  a visible window  on  the  screen  which  is 
scrolling very smooth.

To show you this hardware scroller I have made an example program 
with sourcecode which you can find in the GFA_ASM folder.
The  source was written with Turbo Assembler but you can  use  it 
with Devpack 2 too.
In the folder there is also a crappy fullscreen version.  (no top 
and  lower border)(I hope that the top border works on  most  STs 
because  I've  heard that there are STs with a top border  of  13 
lines instead of 29 lines.)

Advantages of this hardwarescroller:

- I think it is much easier to use than sync-scroll.  (I've heard 
  that it works by toggling some left/right borders at the top of 
  the screen so you can change the screenoffset,  which is  quite 
  complicated. (I've not yet tried it))

- It works without modifications on all tested ST(e)s.  I hope it 
  works on your st(e) too.


Disadvantage of this hardwarescroller:

- It's only for vertical scrolling. Not for horizontal scrolling.

- If  you  have  connected your st(e) to a tv-set  by  using  the 
  modulator or the composite video input then the screen will  be   
  black  and  white but work for the  rest  good.  (very  strange 
  effect. I've tried to fix it but that seems impossible)
  To these few people:  buy a monitor.  The much better   picture 
  quality is worth the money. 
  If you  want to watch TV, buy a TV with scart connector because   
  this scroller  works good if you  connect your st by using  the     
  R-G-B scart input and the picture quality is almost as good  as     
  a monitor.


I hope you find this article interesting.  
I  don't  know  if  there is someone  else  who  discovered  this 
hardwarescroll  technique because I haven't see anyone using  it. 
In  my  opinion  there must be someone  who  also  discovered  it 
because  there  are  so much people who  are  experimenting  with 
borders and sync-scrolling.

I you want to contact me write to

Robert Demming,
Talmastraat 54,
1182 EP, Amstelveen.
The Netherlands.

Or E-mail: robertde@solist.htsa.aha.nl


See you,

Robert from The Atari Boys.

Ps. Hi Ultimate of DULL. Why didn't you greet me in the 
DBA 8 intro ????
