SOME FACTS

Some facts about some things...

The magazine is released one day after the party because of a small 
stupid problem with one of the sub programs we use.

But even without that we couldn't have because:

I (Bonus) had to drive Powa to the Hospital because i went very ill 
and I had to stay there for two hours to help those German docters out 
because they don't seem to speak English. And I had to go back twice 
that day, once to visit him to bring so clothes and once to get him 
back to the party. The positive thing about all this was that there 
wasn't anything serious found and in the evening he already rapped 
around like nothing had happend !!. ( I hope you are still okay now 
Powa and don't pepper pizza's anymore, cause you're one cool dude !)

The intro was coded by the Giants/DULL in about 24 hours so they can't
really be blamed if it doesn't work on every machine. If you want to
BLAME anyone then it should be --> ZUUL <-- because they didn't send 
their intro in as promised (after two and a half month). So we left 
them enough time but they just F*CKED up (normaly we wouldn't say such 
a thing but we were very very irritated by this fact !!!!).

This shell of the magazine won't work on a Falcon, we tested it but
the low/med res switch we use doesn't work. As soon as one of us has
a Falcon we will repair it.

We all saw a pre-view of the first Falcon demo. It's a main menu like 
Dungeon Master in true color written in GFA 3.5. It looks very very 
good and they ask for guest screens. This demo will be released within 
the next 4 weeks so if you want to make a donation for it make it 
quick !!!!. It for the Falcon remember that <-------
If you want to send screens for the first Falcon demo you have to send 
them to:

  Mr. Coke of The Cyclones
  Jorg Tobergte
  Adelbert-Stifter Str.10
  2870 Delmenhorst
  Germany

and also send a picture of your logo with it in .IFF format

The party was a great succes, good atmosfeer, good groups and loads of 
new computers/consols to try out.

Okay no more to say                    Bonus Software and Slimer


 

