REALTIME PART 5

17:27 Chrome taping the keys again here ... I'm getting quite hungry so I
      hope we'll go and eat something somewhere soon, maybe McDonald or so
      NOT pizza's!!! German pizza's aren't that good and it took half a day
      to make the stupid things and the who get which pizza list was also a
      big mess. I need food ... Maybe I'll make some Frosties or something.


17:40 Dialogue between two Psychonomix members:
    Manitou:     That Paint-PRG seems to rule.
    Metallix:    Well it has one good and one bad aspect. It is great for
        me to paint instead of code after having released the Demo. On the
        other hand, it is pretty bad for you since you will definitively
        not get hands on YOUR Falcon ever again !!!
    Manitou:     You need to consider that you'll have your own Falcon
        as soon as you are back home.
    Metallix:    Home? How could I get home? I would need a 100m 
        powercable, drive 100m, plug in the chord somewhere else, drive
        again and so on....
    Manitou:     It's simple. What if I just press reset. You could not
        do anything about it.
    Metallix:    Pressing reset while I'm painting would be directly
        related to your immediate death.

                (Metallix DOES like Eclipse paint.   Manitou/PSX)

    P.S.  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGHH!!!!!
            I   A M   V E E E R Y   H U N G R Y   ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
        But soon I will eat a Pizza. Doesn't that amaze you ?  ...


18:00   Here is M.C. and I only wanted to say : Fuck to Mr.Bond of New Trend
        If you didn't know who that was somewhere above, you have to be a 
        REAL-LAMER !!! Fuck da !! Also in the Name of PENGUIN, okay ...
        ........ Aehm, before leaving you, just wanted to say : We HAVE fear !

18:02   If some people think that we`ll get our Pizza soon they must be truly
        mad. Experience shows that we`ll have to wait a while....the pizzaria
        first has to kill the horse for the salami !
        
        Und nun......

        Werbung !

        Waschmaschinen leben laenger mit Calgoooon !



        Fuer die einen ist es Duplo, fuer die anderen die laengste Praline
        der Welt !
                               (schonmal dran gelutscht?)


        You can`t beat the feeling....



        Intel Inside !
        Das gute daran ist das gute darin !


        Amiga-Fever !

        
        
        This is about to become seriously mad......


        Waste memory....Waste memory...
        .
        .
        .
        .
        .
        .
        .
        .
        .
        Yeah !!! Waste memory....waste diskspace !!!


        Bye from Charon....

18:24   Immer gerade aus.
        
18:25   18:25
        
18:44   HOW TO READ.  Lesson 1.
        
        Reading is easy. If you can read
        this you will know how easy it is.
        There are just 4 simple things to remember
        and you will be able to read:

        1) DON'T drop the book.
        2) DON'T start reading before you open the book.
        3) DON'T shut your eyes while reading. 
        4) DON'T cover the book with a rug or blanket
           while reading it.
        5) There's NO point five.
        
        Once you've mastered the art of reading, like I did, 
        a whole new world will open before you. You will begin
        by being able to decipher basic word combinations - Daily
        Express editorials, cheese labels and shoe box sizes.
        Then comes the world of the Public Library, where I work.
        Wow! Ye-hey! Wowee! Oweeee!
 
18:52   Mac behind the keys again.
        It looks like the pizza's have arrived. A crowd of hungry 
        freaks dives upon it. No pizza for me however; I ate 
        an hour ago at the MacDonalds, for the second time in a row.
        Chrome once again proved to us (while eating) that he can break 
        wind from two ends. Primate. By the way, I'm not very pleased 
        with the people who work at the Mac. I ordered a modest 
        amount of food (salmon mousse, Quiche Lorraine, treacle tart,
        chips, a melon, 3 pints of cream, plastic sheeting, lard, beer,
        3 kippers, beer, 6 cups of tea, beer, 2 platefuls of jelly,
        1 lump of dough and another melon) and the geeky smartass
        asked me if that was all. 
        I just checked the size of the file at this moment: 84K.
        I bet we can make it a hundred till tomorrow.

19:14   Hello ya blokes, Iso here. I just came back from da Mac (rhyme
        rulez OK) and I ordered a cheeseburger there with only cheese on
        it. The guy behind the counter yelled to the back "One cheeseburger
        without cheese". The Mc D.-nerds began to laugh and the guy behind
        the counter excused himself and recried "Cheeseburger only with
        cheese" but his colleges kept blurking 'bout that cheeseburger
        without cheese and looking strange at me ...... . well, I stood
        really for lul in that Mac D. .. .. (by the way: lul is Dutch for
        dick). But now I'm here, being 35 hours awake. I'm really goin' to
        break my record that stood on 38 hours non-stop being awake.
        Well, enough 4 dis time . . .. . . .. . . .. . (..)
                                                        ()
                         
19:34    A masochist asks a sadist: "Please, torture me !"
         The sadist: "No!"
                                Oh, my god. Manitou/PSX

19:45 NEW TREND: Ha Ha...Penguin and MC of Animal Mine are really loosers ! 
      Why ? I just read here (not at home, coz, I`m not swapping
      compils and this crap anymore) their GSC 5? where they wrote
      when I come to this party they will hit me...And what happened ?
      It is now the last day and they even didn`t speak a word to me,
      and of course no hit too....ha ha...you see...they only can
      speak.....ha ha ha....Loosers (echte Versager halt...)

19:50 Why o why do we always have to slag each other of ?????????
      I mean in realtime articles, in scrollines or otherwise. I 
      think we could use this space much better and since no one
      has intrest in slaging please stop these stupid texts !!!!!
      Bonus and Slimer......
 
      And ofcourse the results of the Dentro Competition !!!!!!
      Here they come:
      First place : ?
      Second place: ?
      Third place : ?

      Why ?, simply because there were no dentros in the competition
      and this is for real, NO joke. People around here, including me
      were just to lazy to make anything so no dentros. But that was
      i think, not the main reason. When we arrived here we saw more
      Falcons then we saw at the Dusseldorf Messe. So we were supprised
      and almost everybody placed himself behind a Falcon and started to
      test his or her (!) code/graphix. So the good old ST was put away
      and we made plans for buying a birdcomputer. So maybe we can make 
      the next issue on a Falcon (no promis made !!). 
          
      And ofcourse the results of the Module Competition !!!!!!
      Here they come:
      First place : ?
      Second place: ?
      Third place : ?

      Again ? ?. Yes because it wasn't held hahahahahaha (lame joke!)
                                             
                                                           Bye Bonus


20:11 Is this guy lame or what !!!!????? Slimer

20:15 Integer on the keys: I just had a 4-hours-sleep and have to say that
      I really needed them after about 43 hours without even a minute of
      sleep... As I heard from Sodan, his friend Tyan (both STAX) is still
      in love.... NO: still sleeping and refuses to wake up ('go on like 
      that, Tyan!')      ...too tired for more bull.....

20:24 Finally I type a little text again. Here's Corsair. Today we've deci-
      ded to make the intro for D.B.A. magazine #8. We only have 12 hours to
      finish it. This time without a cool(?) article for the GFA_ASM box.
      O yeah, I just heart a nice story (I saw it too): Slimer of D.B.Aaarg
      was standing beside an ST and the friend of the owner claimed the ST
      would reset when touching (pressing) the ST-casing (just above the 
      reset button). So he was curious and tried it out. Shit! The ST bomb-
      ed out. The owner turned out mad (with a green face look) because he
      lost some code. So they (owner and friend) had a little quarrel.
      (Comment: I think this is the only funny story in this boring article.
      am I right?)

      Nachste bitte....

20:39   At this time there are...    
                                    29   STs,STEs and Mega STs
                                     3   Mega STEs
                                    19   Falcon030s
                                 and 3   Amigas
                                 (also a PC)
        on this Convention.
        Some of the ST models are converted into PC-like compis.
        The Falcon030 of THYROXIN of White Status has the keys "8" and
        "9", but both keys have the "(" symbol !! Again, this was
        very interesting, I suppose.    Manitou/PSYCHONOMIX

20:47   And one Mega STE is Iso's one ....     YEAH!!

20:49   So, and two minutes later is was my turn. I will certainly type some
        more crap for the DBA, even if it is just to fill the two disks
        completely. So, I can do more of this while we have two disk that
        are at least 80 tracks, 9 sectors, in fact they could use this BUT
        they didn't. They used 81 tracks, 10 sectors, two sides and TWO
        disks. That leaves me with some 512 bytes per sector wich is in fact
        8 bit per byte, so it is 32 bits per longword and then with a total
        amound of 128 longwords per sector I could get a track with 10 Kb that
        is 5120 words of 16 bits. So that will be 81920 bits in one track.
        As I have two sides of 81 tracks of 81920 bits so that would give
        me 3317760 bits per side. On one disk I will get some 6635520 bits.
        As I have two, it will make 13271040 bits minus the program for the
        magazine which I give 819123 bits of space.
        So I think it will be 1440 Kb - 100 Kb wich is in fact 1340 Kb.
        BUT, some other guys typed a little bit before me (to be exactly, they
        used 1339.4 Kb, so I just have these few lines to fill. I have to quit
        because the disk is nearly filled with bits 'n bytes 'n Kilobytes not
        to mention the 1.4 Megabytes and 11.8 megabits of information,
        maybe I could do the rest I wanted to do for this article in the next
        issue,
        
        You will have to do with this,

        Eagle of Sentry (with and 'S' of Sentry).

21:02   Since I seem to be responsible for the REALLY IMPORTANT
        infos in this mag, one more thing: There are about 57
        full, half-full and empty Coke-bottles in this room. 
          Coke rulez! Jet Power (White Status) is sitting next to
        me. He just told me that he consideres CrackArt "widerlich."

                                Manitou/PSYCHONOMIX

21:08 Zo dat bespaart weer werk ! ( Slimer ).

24:11   My toenails are too long.     
        (Well, I was going to write a big introduction for this topic, but
        then I decided to come to the point of it.)

        Let's talk about the Falcon030 video hardware:
        
        - If you set bit 5 in $ff82c0 on the Falcon IN RGB MODE,
        you will get an UNCLEAR, TV-LIKE picture !!!!!!!!! It looks
        exactly as if you hooked your machine up to a TV using FBAS!!!
        Can be used for antialiasing LowRes graphics if they don't
        have enough colours to look good.

        - If you set the same bit ON VGA MONITORS the picture will
        stretch out vertically. Bit 4 (or was it 6?) stretches even
        more, and you can also use a combination of both bits.
        I have absolutely no idea if this works on all VGA-Monitors
        or just on multisyncs. What the fuck is this bit for???
 
        - To archieve real good FULL overscan (on RGB) you should remove
        the blankings at the top and bottom of the screen. So you will
        get about 296 usable scanlines instead of 288.
        Horizontally, using the overscan registers will give you 416
        pixels (832 hires) instead of XBIOS' 384/768.

        - I found that if you clear bit 0 in $ff82c0 when you are
        in 640-pixel truecolor (RGB), you will get an extremely high
        horizontal resolution. Since the memory is not fast enough
        to supply the videochip with 16 bit per pixel in 1280 pixel
        mode, the chip blanks out every 32 pixels or so.
        Chris of Aura told me that 1280 pixels per line are possible
        in 16 colours, but for reasons that are easy to understand he
        did not tell me how it is done. He had a 16 color fractal
        (16 color) in overscan-interlace-superhires. (1664*500something).

        The video-hardware of the F030 is EXTREMELY FUCKING COMPLEX
        and it will probably take a while till it is fully understood.

                        Hardware hacking & text: MANITOU / PSYCHONOMIX

21:42 Chrome here again, all this video shit really blows your brain what's
      possible with it right now. Imagine what we will come up with in half
      a year or so, maybe 12000x12000 in 16.7 milliion colours with 32bit
      sound or so? Maybe, who know, who cares. I'm really positive about the
      little bird right now. Bonus is drawing for the "horror"ible issue of
      their magazine ... It looks quite nice, but right now everything looks
      nice for me I'm completly fucked up ... Can't imagine how I'll be on
      Thuesday when I'll have to go to school again ... School doesn't suck
      you know when you've got the right persons in your class. Well I really
      need any inspiration right now to type some more shit for this article.
       
22:04 My toenails are still too long. Metallix told me to write the
      ultimate lowest bullshit here, but at the moment I don't feel
      like it.          Yes. School sucks so much that it hurts.
      I wanna have holidays at least till christmas so I can code and
      paint and compose and design on the F030. I never want to sleep
      again. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon.
      Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon.
      Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon.
      Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon.
      Wasting diskspace again. Why not ?
      Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon.
      Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon.
      Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon. Falcon.
        Thaz yd 4 nau. Manitou/PSX

22:29 Integer on the keys... but you don't have to cry, I'll just give them
      to Charon... (by the way: he's quite friendely and owns... a C16 !!!!)
      that was my very first computer !  I gonna swap some C16-stuff with him
      (hope so)  but now.....

      CHARON !!!!  (and this time I'll give him the time !!!)
ok:  it's about 22:33:

      Yo! At least one guy who still owns a C-16 !!!!! Yeah !!!!!
      
      Marshmello zu verkaufen !
      
      (???)

      Scheiss Hollaender-Keyboard...
      (Yeah = Zeah...)
      Nur Franzosen-Keyboards sind schlimmer !

      Bye...and see `ya on the C-16 !!!!!!


22:37 Hallo Jungs ... Ich bin es wieder ,Sodan of STAX ...
      Message from Integer: Iso has just tried to kill his computer with
      Coca-Cola !!! Oh shit ,strange things happening here. (Int. off)
      Sodan again:
      For about 8 hours a few guyz played this shitty game called Street-
      Fighter 2 on Super Nintendo ,I was very nerved cause of this fact,
      because they turned the Amplifier as high as they can and so the 
      whole time curious sounds like aaahhh or something like that were 
      flying around !!! 
      I hate those shitty KARATE-Games ,aaaarrrrrgghh!!!!
      Ok ,I want not to bore you anymore with my kicked nerves ,bye !!

22:50 Oh, it isn't late, but I am tired like yesterday at 4:00 !

23:17 It's nice to be awake and to be with all my friends (slime, slime).
      I(so) will explain the emptyness in my brain:
        - I'm awake for more than 39 hours
        - 4 disks drowned in a glass of coke
        - everybody is working on a falcon production except me
        - I'm a bit drunk
        - I'm not stoned, but that's a nice part of it
        - there's no house coming blasting out of some speakers
        - etc (etcetera)
        - enz (enzovoorts)
        - usw (und so weiter)
        - well, go immer gerade aus und nach zwei minuten rechts ab
                       
                                     Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap...

23:26  I just tried the auto-save funktion of my program and it didn't 
       work correctly, i hate such things you think that your program
       works correct and than you discover it's not true. At this time
       i'm very tired and i think i'm going to sleep soon, meanwhile 
       my e-partion crashed and i suspect that a new virus is causing
       this problem.
       Bye for now, Wingleader/Synergy
       
23:41  Well the party is coming to an end for me as I have to leave at 7am
       to catch my plane back to england. It has been a great party with 
       loads of great people and Falcons(?). Chaos of Sanity has just show
       off his screen on the Falcon and it puts Amiga demos to shame!
       I will return........ DAN of R.L.C of D.B.A     
       

23:59  the deadline is comiiiing....
       as nearly everyone knows, I hate that dutch stuff, except of Rapido,
       BAT, Iso and Wingleader (to make it short: the whole Synergy and 
       Sentry crew)... but I really like these dutch 'crispy chips' !!!!
       where can I get them !?!?!? Their taste is just better than good ...
       (by the way , Powapixel just showed, what they did with him in the 
       hospital: they killed his brain (at least greater parts of it))
       He's the living sampler....
       Integer signing off... (burp)

