REALTIME PART 4

03.47   This is Charon with a riddle for you.....who can solve it ?
        Was ist das:

       ____
      /    \       
     /  ___ \
     |  B|B | Reh 4
     |   |  |
     |   |  |
     \      /
      \____/
           \
            Das soll ein Kreis sein !


    Metallix here. Maybe it is the characters:
"
       ____
      /    \       
     /  ___ \
     |  B|B | Reh 4
     |   |  |
     |   |  |
     \      /
      \____/
           \
            Das soll ein Kreis sein !"
     
  But I could be mistaken!
       
04:11 Jawohl, er ist wieder da... Well, we've been in the pub for about six 
      hours and I'm totally drunk !!! Yeah! But not only drunk... I'm
      delirious! Well, after some heavy discusssions about racism etc. I am
      totally bored. Okay, what's up at the moment? Some guy is eating 
      peanuts, some people are laming enormously and I am going to sleep 
      (maybe...). See ya! Havoc 1993

04:33 Since Iso is tooo busy (staring at naked girls all the time WITHOUT 
      sucking his own dick .... would be quite difficult, ehh?) I have to 
      tell you what happend and why we're not asleep yet:  the room, where we
      USED to sleep smells like hell (da haben tausend Kosaken 
      reingeschissen!!!), we decided NOT to sleep this night and IF we do,
      we'll take the other room (without those funny (smelling) dutchies)
      It's not that I don't like them (NOOOO), but i just can't stand the 
      smell (it burns your nose!)  I don't know what Iso is going to do next
      but he just tries to show the other guys HOW stupid he really is (by 
      trying to do a Mod on his own) In fact I don't want anybody to think
      that I KNOW him (=Iso) or that I'm a friend of him (noooh!)
      ..think I should try to sleep just a little bit... (would be better, 
      ehh ?) after I'll have to (have to?) write a short scroller for a guy
      called MELCUS coming from Dresden. (so QUIT this DBA-Mag and have a 
      look at their Dentro!)         
         ..Integer gives the keyboard in the hands (dirty they are!) of Iso:

4:46  After dis short messy from Niels .. .. .  (ooops, I called him Niels
      so now you think he knows me .... well in fact, yes he does but do not
      tell anybody elso OK?)   Well, Iso 'Sleepy' the Piso is typing rite now
      so read on. ...   . .  . .  still reading on? . . . ..   . U know, I
      have 2 know 4 sure cuz else it isn't necessary 2 write on.  Well, now
      you're reading on I can tell you that I'm going 2 sleep on the couch
      in this crappy place I think coz our room is really smelling like a
      grandmother who hasn't got her monthly shower in years. 
      Within seven hours there will be the dentro-compo and I'm not planning
      2 miss that event.              Naaaah, I think I will only take a nap
                   Naaaah   . .         hmmmmmm       (ronk ronk)
      Some stoned guyz from Dull and the Gigantjes are making strange noizes
      so BEDTIME !!!!!!!!!!!!          CU  ..

Kurz vor 5...
      Es scheint als ob niemand mein Raetsel loesen kann...(Haha)
      Hier die Aufloesung:
      Im Raetsel sieht man 2 B an einem T, also 2 Be-am-te (2 Beamte),
      das ganze ist in einem Kreis, dahinter steht Reh-4, also:
      2 Beamte im Krei-re-vier.....funny....hahahaha.....

Why me? you know i don't know what time it is!
      Yes, still awake, but nuthin to do, No one is up and i can't
      think of anything to code and there is no paint program around.
      SHIT. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! DER SATAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
      Er zerrt brutal an meiner seele herum, aaaaah.
      Y ahora para los de ellos quienes hablan espanol. Porque
      todos escriban por la lengua de su pais y yo no entiendo nada.
      Could einige von You mal stoppen in their muttersprache writen. 
      English ruleth. so much for me(metallix)

5:48  I HATE GERMAN LANGUAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!

        Me too. (I AM German.) Manitou,Psx.

6:05  Danny O. is still alive. Nobody's coding or painting something.
      Everybody's laming around, playing some games, staring in holes
      or suckin dicks ( see text below ). 
      Okay, I saw a german joke up there, so here's another.
      Kommt der Weihnachtsmann ins Behindertenheim.
      "So, wer ein schoenes Gedicht oder Lied kann, bekommt ein 
       Geschenk..." sagt er. Kommt der erste Behinderte :
      "Buageee araiolo mamagaaaaaa!"
      "...und wer mich verarschen will garnichts." 
      
6:33  Another day, another chance !  The sun begins to hurt our eyes 
      (I really gonna get problems with my eyes after more than 24 hours
       without any sleep...) I'll have to sleep after the deadline of the
       compo

7:02  Silence..... Only a few guys still hacking, playing. At this time
      I (Stallion\Channel 38) copy some compiles....what a boring job...
      Antifuckings to ..... . 

7:05  Well, I finally got the delta routs working on a falcon and.......
      is not as good as I expected... sigh.. Too bad I'll just wait for the
      falcon 40... Rapido from Synergy.    
7:41  Well it's forty-one past seven and it's nineteen to eight but  ...  
      wait     . ..  now it's forty-two past seven and at the very same time
      it's eighteen to eight.. .. .but  . ..  wait . . now it's thierhljlssts
wertue5ktyleuymhljlj  FUCK  .... Well, Iso here (yeah you guessed right).

7:44  I'm gettin gaar of al die shitgeluiden die come from that CD-I speler.
      Sooooooo, and, then, coz, while I haven't slept yet and I never will
      again coz I'm having the no-sleeping-again-coz-your-nuts-disease.
      Yes indeed, I'm nuts but not as much as those Dull blokes who are
      really mad but that doesn't care.
      Well, blokes enough here to irritate so I have to do my job..... (iso)

8:14  Fuck you Iso !

8:nowatch
     I have a riddle for you too: If you fall asleep on the toilet, what
     is it time for? Is it time to
          a) get a falcon
          b) eat something 
          c) code a screen
          d) do that unmentionable thing (it starts with "slee" and ends
             with a "p",yuck!)
     Please reply quick, cos i don't know what to do, Metallix.

8:47  Hey Metallix! It's definetely b) 'cause there's nothing better than
      eating shitty-stuff on the toilet... even at these ones (smells like
      one of Chromes famous farks !)
      the thing (=party) is lying on the floor (you know what I mean?)
      Iso and a guy of STAX are playing STREETFIGHTER II on the NEO GEO
      Samurai seems to bee the only one who (at least) tries to work, 
      even Rapido and B.A.T. (kisses...) stopped coding at the moment 
      some other guyz are playing games, copying demos or just do nothing 
      ( Shadowmaster preferred to sleep under a table). The whole rest 
      is still sleeping in that smelling room with all those dutchies or
      just in the other room where you at least can breath..
      Only a few hours to go till the deadline (if Iso ist still right) 
      and only some dentros seem to be ready yet.]
      I'll take the chance and rest (my eyes stop working...)
                     over and out, Integer


      FEEL THE GLORY !!!!!! Tyan 
(Sooory , dunno what time is it)
      No SLEEP (60 hours without SLEEEEEEEEEEEP)
      No FOOD
      No DRINKS
      No GIRLS
Aber sonst ist es hier ganz in ordnung ......... zzz

9:38  HUH!!! Is it THAT late??      Well, I have a question:
      Who painted all those weird pictures on the wall?
      The one with the right answer will become a kiss from Eagle/Sentry
      when he's awake.                               (iso)

9:57  Why didn't anyone react ???

10:03 I awake again (shame you could/would probably say) after a good nights
      rest. Well in the beginning there were happening things we can't
      write here but okay. See you later, Bonus...


10:04 Goooooddd Morninngggggggg, well okay lets leave out the "Goooooddd" part
      because i haven't had that much sleep so i'm feelin' F@*king shitty !
      See ya later.... Slimer 

11:16  WOW!  Just got some samples from XTC of Dull (can't really remember his
       name I'm afraid) they are  really good and so I think of using them in 
       the next module (exspecially for my special friend Danny of Risk, who 
       just couldn't get it ) After most of those sleeping guyz woke up, the 
       party seems to 'start' again... have to write that damn scroller now, 
       so Integer has to quit now...  (vielleicht schreibt M.B. ja auch mal 
       was !?)

10.28   Hui! Here`s ---> MATT <--- (of STAX of UNITED FORCES),
        I hate this texts since thez are standing for nothing except
        lies !!!  I mean most people talk really too much bull,
        but its quite correct this party is very hard. I haven`t eaten
        anything "warm" since 3 days or so except a cool pizza last
        evening. The only food are bananas.
        Ooops, just having looked at the other text in this mega-
        article so I have a bad feeling this little part is boring.
        So, since I like the D.B.A. Mag I don`t wanna write more of
        that. 
       
11:15  Not sleepy yet, but don't mind it'll hit me like a truck. I should
       beware to wake up early enough so I can get a pizza this time.
       (if you can get them on Sunday.)

11:35  I(so) fell almost asleep while I was playin Turtles IV on the SNES.
       WWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHAHHHHHHHH, Chrome came sitting next to me and he stinks
       out of his mouth ....

11:37  Well this is Chrome and the only thing I can say on Iso's comment
       about my breath is, what do you expect after all the shit here and
       lousy food and so ...

11:44  OK, this is Mac typing... Just done with the sleepy bits. Juck ! lucky 
       to get out alive out of that fuckin' smelly, stinking sleeping-room.
       Went to bed about 2.30, but didn't get any sleep until about 4.00, 
       because of the fact that lowlife kept power-farting around. 

11:51  Wingleader is back from a long wintersleep, with moments ranging from
       total sleep till total awakenes because the stupid lowlife and the 
       other ashole who calles himself cthulu from SOD were farting and 
       "singing" all kind of stupid songs and babbeling german.
       But now i'm awake and i feel good after i got rid of some shit in the
       toilet, so my stomach is empty now.

12:06  just a few words: Tyan of STAX seems to be a really nice guy... at 
       least he seems to be the only one who loves Tekkno the way I do !!


12:21  Bonus and Powa are almost 2 hours gone now.
       Powa got sick after eating 2 pepper pizza's, they are now gone to the
       Krankenhous ( Hospital ).
       Lets hope that everything turns out to be fine.

       The Giants are working on the intro for our magazine, coz' Zuul 
       didn't sent us the promised intro( really shit ) !!
       Lucky for us there are stil cool guys on the scene that can keep there
       promises( Hail to the Giants for helping us out here and also to some
       guys helping them, like Powa ).

12:37  No chance of the TM4/Giants dentro being finished in time, which is a 
       shame as it looked so good........  

12:42  Isn't it time for the dentro-compo?????    Well, after that event I'm
       really going to sleep a while till 2 o'clock tonight I think .. ..
       
       Hmmmmm, nothing more to say than that my inspiration is now really
       gone. Where it is?? I don't know. Maybe to the Moon or to Mars,
       nobody knows actually . ...               (iso)

12:52  Well it's noisy Chrome again, I kept my word last night and saved my
       voice for tonight because I really needed some sleep myself. Nice
       party, but I'm quite tired due to the fact that I've sort of got
       quite a heavy cold ...


13:18 Time to hack this whole article in bits and pieces......Slimer

13:51 Bonus is still " drawing " on the D.B.A. logo for the intro.
      It looks nice ( ofcourse ).

13:57 Yodelahiiiitiiii, I(so) am over my sleep now (ik ben over mijn slaap
      heen), so that means that I'm not going to sleep this afternoon but
      tonight. This time I'm awake for 30 hours now (30!!!!) yes thirty ...
      and the night before I slept 4 hours so I'm not able to run so hard
      anymore.   Well, many new friends made thiz pardie so I will oficially
      call it a Nice Pardie ...

14:10 I just tried to copy PSX Megademo... "No records found", "Can`t
      read disc config"...    Hey PSX, what about the bootsec?
      PSX:  "Bootsector?, copy it in protected mode!!"
      Weird guys...

14:16 Chrome again, typing some new stuff for the real-time article. I'm
      not that tired anymore as I slept quite good last night, still sleeping
      without a pillow is nothing for me. I get pain in my neck from it. Just
      around 24 hours left on this party and then it's back home again to
      Amsterdam, should be cool to sleep in a real bed and without the smell
      of sweaty feet and farts almost choking you to death. Met some really
      nice new people and also got to know some people, which I already met,
      but didn't talk to much with ... Gonna quit writing for this article
      as I'm bored with doing it. Lots of love and greetings to the ones I
      care for especially the one(s) I left at home, you know who you are :)

14:30 Chris of AURA here just writing the first words in this realtime-
      article. It is a nice idea.

14:52 On the other hand I don't want any pizzas anymore, because of all
      those ill people.. I mean Scavenger farting around and the British
      guy coughing up blood..

15:03 Mammaaaaaaaa !!!!

15:05 Some stupid %$*^& has taken the chair away from the real-time article.

15:27 Ha ha...I only can laugh about the people who write their comments
      about me(Mr.Bond/NT) without mention their names....Ha ha ha
      Fear for me ??? Come to me and say it in my face, lamer !!!
      No ? You have fear ??? Ha ha ha...

Yes...I am so fucking afraid of you!
Me too ......... Ough !!! Fuck da lame asshole 

15:30 haven't written a word for a while now, so I have to tell you what
      happend while we went to Mc Donalds.  First of all, JMS refused to
      the Cheeseburger I ordered, even though he lent one of MY sleeping-
      bags, I gave him several lifts with the car, copied and lent him disx...
      but he doesn't want to thank me for doing all this...
      anyway, Carnera and I had the idea to make a demo called 'the Mc Donalds
      demo', the mainmenu would  be like those tables in the restaurant and 
      each kind of stuff (Hamburger, Big Mac and so on..) stands for a screen.
      In the screen there should be some sprites or anything like that, that 
      at least SHOULD look like one of those 'delicious thingx'. the only
      problem will be my not (yet?) existing ability to code (ahem) so that
      this kind of demo won't be released ever (what a pity, ehh?)
      After that funny 'rubbish-talk' with Carnera, I had to phone my
      beloved girlfriend: Well, the mother was speaking and I just said 'hello
      this is integer speaking' (in german ofcourse!), but I said 'Integer' 
      and she just couldn't get that the right way (into her mind, i guess).
      When I finally spoke with her, the very first question (after a short 
      period of absolute silence....:  ' are you drunk !??'   Booh, that's not
      fair, isn't it ???   So everybody reading this: DON'T CALL YOUR
      GIRLFRIEND(S?) EVEN IF YOU JUST WANT TO BE SO KIND TO WISH THEM A 'HAPPY
      EASTERN' !!!    
      
      ...  Iso is again sitting next to me right now and as I already decided
      to finish this chapter now, just want to say that he's a nice guy, even 
      if most people told me some other thingx about him...

15:?? SHIT ! I lost my watch !! Don't listen to what Integer says, because
      it was so: I asked him KINDLY if I could have his sleeping bag and
      he said:you pay my hamburger. That's all... Hey Mr.Bond... I don't
      know you so much, but everytime i met you, you was so cooool and
      because of this. And i am jMS/AM !

15:49 IT WAS A CHEEEEEESEBURGER !!!! (TRY TO LEARN THIS PLEEZ!)
      (nothing more about this..)

15:52 And now something completely different, eeeehm ..  well ..  I see that
      Slimer has made a new circle-routine... Oh noooo, it's Crackart .. 

      .......................................................................

15:57 Goddamn ! I'm so fucking hungry that i am close to eat my disks. I 
      am also so extremely tired. But besides me being tired, I am also
      very hungry, you know. Life is a little smelly fart.

                        Der Deibel. Er holt mich.

      (translation into English would be as senseless as the sentence itself)
        Warum ?
                                MaNiToU / PsYcHoNoMiX  

16:01  Lucky guyz you are. I'm going to sleep for about 4 or 5 hours now
       (Integer)

16:06 This is Chrome again back on the keys ... Well this party has been a
      very good thing for Atari ... Most of the Dutch guys where thinking
      quite negative about the Falcon, but that sort of changed. Due to the
      fact that there are some many here and a lot of people are trying to
      code some new things on it and everthing, this is really nice ...
      Falcon for the future!!! Grtz! Chrome/Synergy ...

16:10 Godverdegodverdegodverredomme!!!!  I(so) just blew the oxygen out of my
      lungs into my air-bed (you know, a bed with air in it) and now
      I lost the thing to close it !!!!!!!!!!    AND NOW MY BED IS EMPTY!

      . . .   FuCK!                


16:26  Howdy Chrome. I'm still waiting for the F040, though. It's 32bit.
        
        The F030 is, too.


16:47 Grumbling in my bowels


17:00 I(so)'ve just delivered our editor-demo and now I'm going 2 write an
      article 'bout it ....

17:01 Iso is now typing the article so i can write here: He now writes ???
      he just deleted the first line again and we are now fighting about
      who's is going to type the article about the XLR8 Music Composer.
      We will see... Bonus...

17:12 NEW AND FORTHCOMING PYTHON LECTURES.
      A series of lectures by people of little or no importance on very
      dull topics delivered somewhere near the Royal Academy in April or
      May 1973'ish.
      We reprint here in full the text of the inaugural Python lecture
      given by professor Enid Gumby of the institute of Brick Throwing 
      at Leicester !!!

      Well.... Blimey!.... Well.... WELL.... I think giving lectures
      is smashing... I really like giving lectures.... WELL!!!....
      I really (HERE THE WORDS BECOME INDISTINCT).... OW!.........
      OOOOOOOHHHHHH!..... Bloody hell!.... My head's stuck.......
      OH GOD!..... My head is stuck!


