68000 BOOKS


                             BOOK REVIEWS
                             ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ

     
     AN INTRODUCTION TO 68000 ASSEMBLY LANGUAGE
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ     
     R.A & J.W. PENFOLD
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
     BERNARD BAPINI BP184
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
     ISBN: 0-85934-158-5
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
     PRICE: œ2.95
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ

               This book envolves the princibles in which 68000 
     code operates. The book firstly tells the reader what 
     assembly language is, and it also defines other alternatives 
     such as basic.

                    The book then goes on to discuss topics such 
     as the processor, different types of binary, flags, system 
     operation, stacks, addressing modes and assemblers. Though 
     the most important topic I found in this book, was the 
     68000's instruction set.  This is a very interesting part of 
     the book. This is because, when you look at some source code 
     , you can relate the instructions to the book which is 
     helpfull. 


               Also in this book are some small programs you can 
     try out, and it tells you how they all induvidualy work. It 
     is a simple step to step through way of learning about 68000 
     assembly language.

                    All in all, I found that the book was written 
     very good. It has no misleading ways to confuse you, I 
     recently lent this book to a friend who had no knowlage of 
     6800 assembly language, and within a couple of days he 
     already knew the basics and more.  The book itself has 
     around 100 pages of reading information. It does not contain 
     all of the 68000's instruction set, and it does not contain 
     any of the STE's new instructions. This is mainly because 
     the book was first published in August 1996, then reprinted 
     in 1988 and reprinted again in October 1991.


               This book does not aim to learn the reader 
     everything about 68000 assembly language, but it aims to 
     learn the reader about basic princibles. On the whole, this 
     book is a very good read to anyone, experienced or not.


     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ


     ATARI ST TRICKS AND TIPS
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
     BY: ROLF BRšCKMAN
         LOTHAR ENGLISCH
         J”RG WALKOWIAK
         KLAUS GERTIS

     ABACUS SOFTWARE
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
     ISBN: 0-916439-47-X
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
     PRICE:
     ÿÿÿÿÿÿ



                         This book has been one in a series of 
     eleven, to be a best seller. The book covers a vast range of 
     subjects which includes: ST BASICS, VDISYS COMMANDS, MACHINE 
     LANGUAGE, UTILITIES, SCREEN DISPLAYS, GEM, TOS, GEM 
     APPLICATIONS and a lot more of other usefull reading 
     material.

                    The book was first published in 1985 and it 
     has been reprinted in '86,'87 and '88. Suprisingly enough, 4 
     people have written this book. It makes a change from the 
     usual one person. Though, with this book, the four authors 
     have combined all of their knowlage into one book. The book 
     contains over 200 pages of usefull reading material. And it 
     is easy to understand.


               I would not recommend this book to someone who 
     knows nothing about the basic of 68000 programing. Before 
     reading this book, a good sence of basic or assembly 
     language is needed to fully understand the book. 
     
                    Also in this book, is a numerous number of 
     programs for you to try, one example of this is the ram disk 
     program which is included in the book. These programs are 
     also detailed in step by step operation, but it isnt very 
     detailed as most books.
        
                    For the basic assembly language programer, 
     this book can provide some new tips to use in the 
     development of programs and suchlike. Though this book does 
     not cater for the new instructions used on the STE.
     
                    All in all, this book is good if you know 
     someting about the 68000. On the other hand, if you know 
     nothing then this book is only worth a brief glimpse.


     ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ      

      NETWORK OF D.B.A. 
