FALCON MY OPINION

Last saturday I was at the Dusseldorfer Atari Messe and could finally see with 
my own eyes what the Falcon 030 was all about.

The production machines look different from what we all have seen in various 
articles. The final color is light grey with dark grey keys with white 
symbols. The name-plate of the machine tells us in color 'ATARI Falcon 030' 
and yes it's the dreaded 1040 STE case (Atari said that it was done to be even 
'optically' compatible..).. Too bad for that, maybe they will bring out a 
MEGA-STE style case in the near future. 

Most of the machines were securely strapped onto the display desks so there 
was no chance to put one under your T-Shirt... 
There was a on the hour demonstration of the machine which was run on a large 
screen video-wall. Stupidly enough the whole demonstration failed several 
times, the programs kept on crashing... but no wonder , Tony Barker (some said 
already 'Tony Barf..') programmed them. Taking in account that we were there 
the second day and the demonstration was every hour it was quite obvious that 
even for the tenth time they still had'nt found out what was wrong (which was 
of course: bad programming) 

We (Bonus and I) tried to run our superb (ahum) magazine on the Falcon, but it 
failed (two bombs... GFA Basic fouled up again...arrrgggh) Even my INTRO of 
DBA magazine 4 which runs perfectly on the TT030 didn't work, I suspect that 
the packer crashed, the program itself is quite clean and takes over the 
complete computer so there shouldn't be any unknown interrupts occuring. but 
anyway they didn't work...   
Most of the machines on display had 14 Megabytes built in, there is no 
difference in FAST or SLOW ram, all the available memory is fast (16 MHz)
The blitter has returned in the Falcon unlike the TT which has no blitter. The 
blitter used in the Falcon is a souped-up ST blitter but now it runs on 16 MHz 
and has some additional features.
Sound has much improved and it's now 16 bit CD quality (by the way, I think 
STE/TT sound is already very good) The Digital Signal processor which the 
Falcon incorporates has an outstanding 16 MIPS speed and can real time echo 
your voice for example when you speak into the microphone which you can 
plug directly into the Falcons (stereo) microphone input. All without 
intervention of the main processor (16 MHz 68030) The DSP has 32k (of 24 bits) 
of high speed memory (no wait-states) and should be capable of playing mod-
files all by itself (and I mean with four 16 bit stereochannels, Amiga eat 
that!)
I think it's time to create a whole new kind of modfile player..... The DSP is 
also capable of doing highspeed modem emulation so you can connect a simple 
telephone line interface to the DSP port and voila a highspeed data transfer 
system is born...

Screen resolutions are much better than announced and you can select with all 
resolutions how many colors you need (2/4/16/256 or True-Color) You can switch 
on 'overscan' so no borders will be visible and interlace is also supported 
for video applications, although the desktop in interlace is just horrible (it 
flickers just as bad as the Amiga, but that was to be expected) You can 
dynamically select the number of scanlines between 200 and 480 so there is no 
need for border-open trickery. Of course the large screens with true color 
take up a huge amount of RAM (maximum of 737280 bytes !!!) so it will be of no 
use to buy a 1 Mb Falcon (I don't know if that possible at all, but the main 
board supports it)  With so many colors at once on screen you don't need 
rasters anymore so that should be a big relief for all you demo programmers !
 
The operating system on the displayed machines was not ready yet, some 
machines even reported 'Sparrow operating system' Sparrow was the pre-
production name of the Falcon.. There was no Falcon with MultiTOS built in..
Sam Tramiel reported earlier already that MultiTOS is probably NOT going to be 
available for the older 68000 ST's..  

On asking what the official price will be of the Falcon there was no definite 
price set. The machine should be available in the shops in november (don't 
worry, that will be in 1992..) But the price will be far under 2000 guilders.

The internal harddisk which can be connected works great, Atari have made a 
special AHDI driver to support IDE boot etc. Maximum data transfer speed on 
this IDE bus is 3 Mbyte/sec, now it's just for you to find such a fast 
harddisk but ok, the interface is good) If you own already a SCSI harddisk 
then it's possible to hook it up to the SCSI-2 port, the 'old' DMA port has 
vanished from the Falcon (too bad for you MegaFile/SH204/205 owners..)
There is no fan built in, so I suspect some heat problems if you try to 
connect some large IDE harddisks (internally there is space for a 2.5 inch 
drive only!)

At the HiSoft stand we talked to one of the program designers of HiSoft who 
showed us his prototype Falcon (which was indeed dark grey with light grey 
keys with yellow symbols...) It ran at that moment a new paint package called 
'True-Paint' especially designed for the Falcon, although it should run just 
as fine on the TT (only with less colors of course..) It wasn't finished yet , 
and I couldn't persuade him to give me a copy.. Too bad... On asking about his 
experiences with the Falcon he said: 'It's a fabulous machine, great hardware' 
I asked what he thought of the lousy demonstration of the Falcon on the video-
wall at the Atari stand, he answered: 'It's not the machine which is faulty, 
but the software..' This restored a little of my lost confidence in the 
Falcon... We also looked at HiSoft basic which they had for sale at the stand, 
it ran fine on the Falcon so we bought a copy of that just to be compatible.. 
So there is a great chance that the next diskmagazine is created in HiSoft 
basic instead of the 'not-so-portable' GFA Basic.

Well my fingers begin to wear out so I will stop now, my overal opinion of the 
Falcon is that of a 'beast-of-a-machine' with some minor software problems. I 
will not judge too hard before I can get my hands on one just to check things 
out.

        KGE
     

