FALCON HISTORY


A small piece of history from ST to FALCON.


In 1985 Atari launched the new Atari 520 ST, a computer with revolutionary
price/performance proportions. They called it power without the price.
This new computer could, on hardware level, easely outrun the three times
more expensief Apple Macintosh and on software level the user unfriendly
MS DOS computer.

But after that the price/performance was a long time ago. The Atari Mega ST
was the logical persecutor of the Atari 520 and 1040, but the very good
Atari TT was introduced way to late. The very nice Atari Mega Ste, that 
isn't build any more, couldn't compete with the very cheap IBM Clones.

But the Atari ST serie isn't ready for the scrap yard yet !!!!. Compairing
with MS Windows and Macintosh programs the Atari programs that work under
the GEM Shell are much faster. And above all that the Apple computers and
his software are very expensief. But sadly enough, the Atari ST isn't what
we had hoped of it. It couldn't be the new standard we were all waiting for.
But it still is one of the best machines around to work with !!!

But lucky us, there is a change at the horizon. The first of the new Falcon
serie is already there. The Atari Falcon 030 will be the starting model
of a whole new serie of computers and is specially made for the much
demanding home users. The Falcon is very compatible with the already existing
ST/STE and TT series, but on the sound and graphics terrain it has much more
to offer. It also support more other hardware like VGA monitors.

For the Falcon it all began in February. Even before the pre-view on the
Hannover Messe (in Germany) Bill Rehbock, Director Application Software, made
a 1 week during tour through Europe to speak with some very important software
developers. They wanted that if the Falcon was released the first software was
also avaible, because what can you do without good software ???

During the Hannover Messe lots of software developers visited the Atari
stand behind closed doors to see the very first glimp of the Falcon. The
new products were discused in every detail and ideas were exchanged.

Then in May 1992 the first Falcons were released under the selected software
developers. On 27 June Atari held the AtariEuroDevConf '92 in Londen. More
than a 100 developers from all over Europe came and got a very heavy briefing
of the new machine and the new Multi TOS. Subject were also the DSP, video
modes, genlocking, add ons on the DSP port, the audio circuit and other
applications.

Finaly the Falcon was first shown to the public at the Deusseldorf Messe
althought it is different one as on the Hannover Messe. Atari had in the
meantime check the feedback of the developers and used it to improve a lot
of things. Now Atari has insured itself of backup from the software developers
so nothing can stand in the way of the Falcon anymore.

Well thats the story sofar, we have seen the Falcon in Deusseldorf. The 
hardware itself is very good, the software made by Atari itself sofar isn't
that good but other independent software developers like Eclipse made some
very nice programs already. Well now have to wait and see when it will be
one sale and what it will cost. Untill then keep up the good work on the
good old ST/STE/TT....

                                Bye      
                                                        Bonus Software

  
