IT'S AGONY FIONA

More letters from the pages of the Daily Sport: by Matt


Letter 1

For a farewell party we were asked to bring something for the buffet.
I volunteered to bring a chicken but as I looked at it I fancied it
myself in more ways than one. I shoved my 12 inch rooster down it's
neck and showed it some red meat while giving it a good stuffing.
Finally, I emptied both barrels into it to kill it in a truly
traditional way. Everyone said how tasty my chicken was. Now 18
women are pregnant and 32 of the other staff have died of poisoning.
There's another farewell party soon and I've been asked to do the
chicken again. Would you like some ?

Reply

Such a fowl deed is not something you should crow about.

Letter 2

After a night in the local pub with a great stud I thought I was set 
for the ride of a lifetime - but never again. 
He took me for a spin in his Reliant Robin and after some inner thigh
groping we were both ready for it. But it was like performing in a 
straight-jacket. He tried to lob it in as I sat astride the gear stick
with the knob firmly up my arse. The nearest he got to my moist and
heaving pipe dream was to tickle my short anc curlies and spray them
with a premature but hot and tacky Adam's cocktail. The only thing
I could get tp grips with was his car when I wanted the drive shaft.
Now I wan't to get my own back on my girlfriends who pointed him out
in the boozer as a great number with a nice little runner.
What's your advice ?

Reply

Lie like hell - make out it was like Ayrton Senna and Nigel Mansell 
rolled into one. You !!


Letter 3

I have a thing about high heels. Whenever my girlfriend goes out I go 
to the cupboard where she keeps her boots and shoes and take out a 
pair. Then I lie flat on the floor on my back pretending she's 
standing on top of me. Sometimes I turn over and press the sole into my
face and make believe she's using me as a doormat. At other times I 
lick all the dirt off her shoes including the soles. I've never told 
her about this because I'm too embarrrassed as we have a normal 
relationship and enjoy a very good sex life. But the more I hear about
whips and chains and stilleto heels walking all over their male victims
the more I wish my girlfriend would do it to me. She has many pairs of
stilletos but I don't think she's the dominant type. But I'd still love
to find a woman who'd treat me this way. I bet even you like to walk 
over a man from time to time.

Reply

Gadaffi and Saddam to name two. But not somebody I fancy.


Letter 4

I'm sick to death of men claiming you are beautiful. I find you 
repulsive. I'd love to see you in 10 years time when your false tits
are down to your knees and your fat arse has dropped out. All this
rubbish about you giving men permanent erections is one of the great
fables of our time. When I get a screw driver hard on the very thought
of you makes it disappear up my arse. And writing this has made me want
a good shit.

Reply

Don't strain yourself. Keep your willy where it really belongs.

 
Letter 5

I'm in the building trade and the other week I was pointing some brick-
work when a big blonde beauty with big breasts asked me in for a cup of
tea. Suddenly she lifted her short skirt, pulled off her knickers, bent
over the table and asked me to touch up her crack with my mortar.
I got out my 7 inch pointing iron ( it's normally 10 inches but it was
bloody cold ) and checked my two buckets to see if they were filled
with mortar. Then I went at her with hammer and chisel for an hour or 
so. Next day she asked me in again to work on two girlfriends who 
needed pointing. I was just finishing when the boss looked through the
window. Now he's put me on piece-work, should I charge the beauties for
the work I did on their masonry ?

Reply

You owe them, I reckon.


Letter 6 

As you're a broadminded shagbag like me I thought I'd tell you what 
happened at the pub last night. I was standing at the bar when these
crackers in mini-skirts walked in, laughing and wiggling their arses
about. My eyeballs nearly popped out when one of them, seeing I was
the only lad in the boozer, walked over, grabbed my bollocks and said:
"Get us a couple of halves of lager and you can shag us stupid."
I didnn't need asking twice. We left the pub after another drink and 
what happened next was a three-in-a-bed orgy of gobbling, knobbing,
thrusting and bucking. I was completely knackered the next morning but
I'm seeing these two horny little bitches again next weekend. Good, eh?

Reply

You wouldn't give a XXXX for anything else would you ?

 
Well that's it for the Bullshit this time.
                         
                                         Matt of THE COCKNEY REBELS.92
