PRINCESS DIANA 

PRINCESS DIANA'S TAPE CONVERSATION: BY MATT OF THE COCKNEY REBELS

Now every body has heard about all the royal scandals what have popped
up in the last couple of months. We have had the pictures of Fergie
which were very clear indeed of her sunbathing topless with an american
friend. But the most dangerous scandal for the royal family is the tape 
conversation between Diana and a man called James Gilbey. We will take  
a look at some of this conversation in the next couple of lines.

Here are extracts from the tape:

Him: Kiss me please (sound of kisses). Do you know what I'm going to be
imagining I'm doing tonight at about 12 o'clock ? Just holding you so 
close to me. It'll have to be delayed action for 48 hours.
Di: ( giggles )
Him: Fast forward.
Di: Fast forward.
Him: Gosh, I hope Ken ( her body guard ) dosen't say no.
Di: I doubt he will.
Him: Do you ?
Di: He's coming down early on Tuesday, I'm going to tell him I've got 
to get back on tueday night.And I've got to leave and be back for lunch 
on Wednesday. I can tell people I'm going for acupuncture and my back 
being done.
Him: ( hysterical laugh ) Squidge ( this is what he calls her ), cover
them footsteps.
Di: I surely will do.
In another part of the call, he tells Diana about his dinner the night 
before..........
Him: I went to this agonizing tea party last night. You know, all I   
want to do is get in my car drive around the country talking to you.   
I just want to see you and be with you. That's what's going to be such
bliss, being back in London.
Di: I know
Him: I mean it, it can't be a regular future, darling, and I understand
that, but it would be nice if you are at least next door, whithin      
knocking distance.
Di: Yes.
Him: I could think, darling, of nothing but you. I thought, "Well, I 
should be talking to her now."
Di: I know.
Him: You don't mind it, darling, when I want to talk to you so much.
Di: No. I love it.
In another part of the call he has Di laughing......
Him: Squidgy, laugh some more. I love it when I hear you laughing. It
makes me really happy when you laugh. Do you know I am happy when you 
are happy ?
Di: I know you are.
Him: And I cry when you cry.
Then the call becomes more passioate......
Him:  ( moaning )  Squidgy, kiss me (sounds of kissing by him and her).
Oh God, it's wonderful, isn't it. This sort of feeling. Don't you like
it ?
Di: I love it.
Him: Isn't it absolutely wonderful ? I haven't had it for years. I feel
21 again.
Di: Well, you're not, you're 33.
Di then asks him what he'w wearing.
Di: What have you got on ?
Him: I've got the new jeans I bought yesterday.
Di: Good.
Him: Green socks. White and pink shirt.
Di: How very nice.
Him: Apple-green V neck jersey.
Di: Yes.
Him: I'm afraid I'm going to be let down by the shoes.
Di: Go on, then ( giggles ).
Him: You can guess.
Di: Your brown ones ( shrieks ). No, those black ones.
Him: No, I haven't got the black ones, darling. I only wear the black
ones with my suit.
Di: Good. Well, get rid of them.
Diana then offers to shop for a new wardrobe for him......
Di: I've decked people out in my time.
Him: Who did you deck out ? Not too many I hope.
Di: James Hewitt ( James Hewitt is a Falklands war hero ). Entirely
dressed him from head to foot, that man. Cost me quite abit.
Him: I bet it did. At your expense ?
Di: Yeh.
The call is ending and they are planning a time to speak......
Di: I won't be around from 8:30 to 11.
Him: Why not ?
Di: I'm going swimming with Fergie (I wonder if she'll do it NUDE,MATT)
Him: Are you taking the kiddies ?
Di: Might well do. I'd better ( go ), I'd better. All the love in the 
world, and I'll speak to you tomorrow.
Him: Your impatient to go.
Di: Well, I just feel guilty because I haven't done my other business.
Him: Don't feel guilty. They'll be quite al...... ( call breaks up and
then resumes ).
Di: Did you just get my hint about Tuesday night. I think you just 
missed it. Think what I said.
Him: You said,"At this rate, we won't want anything to eat."
Di: Yes.
Him: I don't think I made too much reference to it because the more 
you think about it, the more you worry about it.
Di: All right. I haven't been thinking about a lot else.
Him: Haven't you ?
Di: No.
Him: Well, that makes two...I'll have to wait till Tuesday. I'll 
approach the evening with such enormus confidence now.
Di: Good.
Him: Ummm, Squidgy...what else ? I had the most amazing dream about us
last night. Not physical, nothing to do with that.
Di: That makes a change.
Him: It was the most extraordinary dream, very vivid, because I woke up
in the morning and I remembered all aspects of it. It was so strange,
very strange and very lovely, too.

Well that's it, you can stop crying now......
      
                                       Matt of THE COCKNEY REBELS.92

