TOOTHBRUSHES

Two story's of things done with toothbrushes

These two story's are all true and have have not been made up at all.
Okay onto the first story,

There were two couples going on a camping holiday to France last July.
They were going a way for a total of two weeks, the first week had been
going allright they had gone and seen the local tourist attractions,
the beach and very fine French resturants.

The four of them went out one evening to a resturant and was walking
back to the camping site, when they saw four young men standing by
their tent. The men told the women to stay back while they confonted
the men, thinking that they were stealing things from their tent.
The French men said "Fuck off you British bastards". There was punches
thrown and the French men ran off still shouting abuses.
The couples didn't think much of it and tried to forget it thinking 
that the French men were drunk. The rest of the holiday went well and
there were no other problems and they didn't see the French men around
the local town. The second week went fast and they were packing up 
ready to leave for Calis for the boat trip back to Dover, when one of 
the men that had been hanging around their tent a week ago.He came and
apolgised to the four people and gave them a little package from him
and his three other friends there was only one thing the English 
couples had to agree on, it was that they didn't open the package until
they were on the ferry back to England, they agreed with the French man
and shook his hand and said "Good bye".

They got on the ferry and went to the duty free shop and bought some
drink and other things, they had forgotten about the package they had
to open. One of the women got it out of her bag and gave it to her 
husband to open he ripped off the paper and there was a little box
he opened it up and there was a photograph in it.
The picture was of the four French men standing in front of the tent
with the English peoples toothbrushes stuck up their bottoms.


Okay here's the second story.

There was five English girls going to Spain for one week, they had all
put money towards renting an apartment for the time that they were 
there for. They were all very good friends and had known each other 
for about 10 years. The holiday had gone well and they had slept with
many Spanish men,got drunk every night and went to a nudist beach.
They were all enjoying there time away from England,work and their
boyfriends. There was one girl who hadn't got as many men as all the
other girls. She began staying at home while all the other girls went
out and had a wild time in the local night clubs. 
It was the night before they had to leave for England so they had
decided that they were going to go out and get pissed out of their 
brains and pick up a couple of Spanish men to go back to the apartment
with. The girl who was acting very strangly didn't want to go out, the
other girls tried to talk her into going out but with out any luck.
The other girls went out and did as they said they would. The first
women who got a local man made their way back to the apartment.
She made herself a drink and asked the man if he would like one to
he said no, he asked her if he could use the toilet she showed him 
where it was he walked in and the girl who wanted to stay at home
was there with her knickers in her hand and a toothbrush scrubbing the
crutch of her knickers there was four toothbrushes on the floor beside
her. The Spanish man shouted to the other woman to come and have a look
at what she was doing, she came and then started to shout at her 
demanding what she was doing, she shouted back I'm scrubbing my used
knickers with all your toothbrushes because you have all been horrible
to me since we arrived so this is my revenge.
She later admitted that she had been doing it for four days.

The moral to this story is check for SHIT on your toothbrush or hide 
it away from your friends when holiday.
And on this note I will goto bed and brush my teeth.

                                        MATT OF THE COCKNEY REBELS.92



