UNLUCKY PERSONS

                ONE OF THE UNLUCKIEST PERSONS ON EARTH.
---------------------------------------------------------------------



   Once upon a time in a well known galaxy on a well known planet
   lived a person called DURI-17. That particular person had just 
   recently joined a big well known group called HEMOROIDS when..
   ........... An accident happened, his bloody crappy 1040 STE
   broke down. Well anyway he didn't mind that much "My contacts 
   can wait a little while can't they and this gives me an excellent
   excuse for not drawing anything-He thought". That was in
   August 1992. That month he also went to Germany for eight 
   days. To be more precise he went to Dusseldorf. Those eight
   days were mostly used to get drunk at pubs and so on, but he
   also managed to drag his friend (who does not own a ST) to the
   last day of the Atari fair where he got some addresses from
   some people. Well that was nice wasn't it you might get to 
   think that this person isn't so unlucky after all, but of 
   course he is. He managed to loose all addresses which he got.
   I should get back to write about that scrambled ST. In beginning
   of September DURI-17 went to the local repair shop to get his
   computer fixed. He was told to phone them after two weeks and
   maybe his computer would be fixed by then. That was exactly
   what he did and then he was told that they had not looked at
   his computer yet and he should phone next week. He did and
   was told the same thing. The next week he decided to go to
   the shop instead of phoning. At that time they had actually
   looked in his machine, but they had not found out what was 
   wrong with it. The bullshit continued he had to phone them
   almost every day for some weeks and they never could repair
   that extremely rubbish computer (it was only 1 year old when it
   broke). They had tryed to exchange diskdrive, change the memory,
   change the MMU chip, change the GLUE chip and so on but nothing
   worked. Finally DURI-17 decided to sell the rest of the parts 
   (the ones which worked) of his computer into spare parts to 
   the same man who couldn't repair his ST. At least he was lucky
   this time he got a fair price for the stuff. What was he going
   to do next. He had to reply to his contacts and make some
   graphics for a little demo which the HEMOROIDS members in 
   Iceland were working on (Hopefully released soon, maybe not 
   though!!). Obviously he had to buy a new ST, but he had not
   enough money for a brand new one so he bought a used one at a
   fairly nice price. It had two megabytes of memory so DURI-17 
   was finally quite happy. Until the shock came................
   The god damn disk drive didn't work properly. OOOOOOhhhhhh
   nooooooooo not another broken computer!!!! At first it seemed
   like the hassle would begin again because he went to the dude
   who had tryed to fix his old crap which repaired the diskdrive,
   but when DURI-17 (who was getting really insane of this stupid
   business) got home it only worked for 10 minutes. AAAAARRRGGGHH
   he screamed. The next day the diskdrive was changed into a new
   one and then finally he had got a fully working ST.




                True story written by the man himself:
               ------
                        DURI-17 OF HEMOROIDS
                     --------------------------

                        For the DBA DISKMAG.


   I would like to use this opportunity to say hi to one of the
   few persons who are unluckier than I on the scene....
   
                     A big hi how are things to: 
                    ILLEGAL EXCEPTION OF S.O.T.E.
                        (Brother in unluck)

   And also if some of you have some old game cartridges for the
   Atari 800XL which you are willing to sell then send letters
   with details to....

                         DURI-17/HEMOROIDS
                           P.O. BOX 9296 
                           109 REYKJAVIK
                              ICELAND


