VIRUSES

Hello this is CP-3-69 killing some time...

What  should  we start with then?  What about Falcon  030  hacker 
names/Group names that just have to appear sooner or later..

-  Millenium Falcon  (The ship in Star Wars)
-  The DSP Crew      (The signal processor in the falcon)
-  AJW               (Analog Joystick Wigglers)
-  F16               (After the  F16 Falcon jet)
-  CBA               (CD Busting Association)
-  The Falconers     (Hunters using falcons as weapons)
-  MTOS              (It has multiTOS as standard)
-  AKU               (Amiga Killers United!)

Rather  boring....  and i am out of ideas...  lets  do  something 
different.....

Warning  we have found some new and dangerous virus  types!  Here 
they are..

The 'A600' virus

It  physically  shrinks  your  machine  and  makes  all  external 
equipment uncompatible.


The 'OS2' virus

This is a trojan horse,  it looks like a operating system but  if 
you  installs  it it eats up 25meg of disk space  and  makes  all 
your software uncomatible till you buy new versions.    


The 'Delta Force' virus

It  goes through your software collection and upgrades  all  your 
utilities! When you gets addicted to your new tools it comes with 
a message claiming copyright on the utility and hands over a bill 
for you to pay.  It is also known to warn people against visiting  
parties held by their own members.


The 'Jef Minter clone' virus 

This virus follows in the tracks of guru YAK and wants you to pay 
for anything from toothbrush administrators to screen savers.   

Don't be fooled, only reply to LLamasoft and other good ones.
 

The 'Sweden  Top 10' virus

This  virus  clones  all your mod  files  into  equally  sounding 
garbage.  The  tempo is halved,  the drum pattern is changed  out 
with a standard one and any solo instrument is changed out with a 
synt saxophone. Only found in scandinavia.


The 'Standard Tabloid' virus

Does no harm but you now only have 4 characters on each line.


The 'English Tabloid' virus 

Does  the  same  as  the standard one but  it  also  changes  any 
headlines  into a rather bad poem and it shows a BOB  picture  on 
page 3.


The 'Polish Tabloid' virus

Does  stuff  to you text files that makes 'Penthouse'  look  like 
'The Church News' in comparison. 


The 'Royal' virus

Only found in England,  it has a hidden message that blinks  onto 
the screen every 50th of a sec. The message is "GET A DIVORCE".

  
The 'S.A.W.' virus

A  mutation of the 'Sweden Top 10' virus,  it turns all  you  mod 
files  into equally sounding pop melodies.  This virus is  mostly 
found  in England but occasionally  strikes  elsewhere.  Warning! 
the newest versions hides under pseudonyms!


The 'Intro compile' virus

Fills  your  disk with junk you already have.  As this  virus  is 
coded by lamers it is easy to kill.


The 'Amiga' virus

This  virus hides the directory,  turns your OS into garbage  and 
starts  corrupting  your disks.  This virus has cloned  into  the 
'A600'  virus.  Warning!  This  virus  is  badly  programmed  and 
crashes your machine from time to time.


The '15 minutes' virus

An early version of the 'Amiga' virus.  Believed to be dead.  Due 
to very bad coding it crashed before it could do anything.


The '7 eleven' virus 

Makes your computer look cheap,  and bans all data not liked by a 
local american conservative church. Spreads like a plague!


The 'Green Peace' virus

A very smart and manipulating virus, it makes you donate money to 
the  author to save cute looking animals.  The smart  thing  with 
this  virus  is  that it chooses animals that  you  know  nothing 
about  or have ever seen,  so saving it won't take away your  job 
and you can't see through its lies.  No versions active in Norway 
but its common in the computers of EC and US of A politicians.


The 'NRK' virus

Fills your screen with boring pictures,  the only good thing with 
this virus is that the talking is in norwegian so only norwegians 
have  to be bored by the sound it emits.  In the early days  this 
virus  was  unkillable but with todays technology  it  is  easily 
killed. This virus is known as the 'BBC' virus in england. 


The 'Pretty Woman' virus

This virus takes control of your machine,  it wont let you insert 
the disk without paying for it.  But if you pays for several days 
in advance the virus will fall in love with you and give you free 
access. 


The 'Milli Vanilli' virus

This  virus  fakes  a GUI/OS making your PC  look  good,  but  in 
reality  it eats up you disk space and slows down your  computer. 
This virus is also known as 'Windows'.  

Fortunately  only  found  on PC (the same goes for  OS2)  but  it 
might work on a Falcon.


The 'IBM' virus

Mixes your hate mail into the PR texts,  and 10 year old  designs 
into  your prototype drawings.  Very dangerous for companies  but 
fun  for private punters that can have a laugh on the expense  of 
the affected firm.

    
The 'Roxette' virus

Links to tracker progs.  It counts the number of times you  plays 
your mod files.  Then after a month it picks your three favourite 
tracks and mixes them into a lousy sounding "original" tune.  You 
then  has  to listen to this tune before you can play  any  other 
mod on the affected tracker.


The 'Maggi T.' virus 

Takes control of your computer and runs it with a iron  hand.  It 
puts all routines out on the private marked and gives the job  to 
whatever chip willing to pay for it.  Each time you tries to  get 
rid of it,  it kills another virus just to show how much you need 
to be controlled by it. 


The 'Christian' virus

It fills the screen with goodness,  hope and understanding  while 
it  secretly takes control,  then it mercilessly  erases all  the 
files  it haven't been able to infect or corrupt.  It also  gives 
all infected files eternal life so you can't erase them.    


The 'Muslim' virus

The same as above but does not bother with the goodness etc.. and 
it only gives eternal life to files that have been in battle with 
other viruses.  This virus is more efficient than the 'christian' 
virus and spreads faster.

 
The 'Bhudist' virus

This  virus rests harmlessly in your machine,  while it tries  to 
live  as  good  and pure life as possible,  it  even  shares  its 
processor time with other progs if needed. But hidden in all this 
goodness  is  a update (reincarnation)  counter,  when  you  have 
updated  a file enough times the virus decides that this file  is 
now so pure that it equals Bhuda,  it then gives the file eternal 
rest,  which means it erases it and forbids any document to  have 
that name in the future.


The 'Alien' virus

This virus is a three stage virus.  The first stage is the Mother 
virus this is the known 'Fastcopy pro.' copy progy, this stage is 
a  trojan horse as it actually is the best copy prog on  the  ST. 
This  stage leaves 'eggs' on chosen disks (you are the  one  that 
chose  them!).  These  eggs are the  'Fastcopy  virus  protector' 
which again is a virus killer that kills other viruses!!  but  if 
it  encounters unprotected disks containing PRG or TOS  files  it 
activates  a link virus that hooks up to these files.  This  link 
virus  is the final and dangerous stage.  It counts each time  it 
is  started and if it is started more than 13 times it  will  try 
to  fill  any other disk!  with the ASCII string  "Ripley  didn't 
kill us all!  Death to all lamers!" (this text destroys the  disk 
format  so you have to use a disk doctor to read it).  If  it  is 
successful at this it erases itself to avoid detection.


The 'Die Hard' Virus

This  Trojan horse is only dangerous to hard disk owners,  it  is 
spread  with a hacked version of Devpack II.  It kills  any  hard 
disks that contains any file with the string "demo" in the  name. 
It  was  made by the UDC to kill of competing  demo  crews.  This 
virus  is  integrated in the Devpack version and  activates  when 
you saves files.


The 'FAST' virus

This  virus is given out by F.A.S.T.,  it searches for  the  text 
string "Cracked by" if it finds it it will call the F.A.S.T. HQ if 
you  have a modem,  if you haven't a modem it simply  erases  the 
disk.


The 'Wintermute' virus

This virus is rater cool but also rather destructive.  This virus 
is  a  link virus that was spread through the DROID  game  on  ST 
Format's  august issue.  It tries to turn your ST into a AI  unit 
through  a  generation  progy.  This  generation  progy  runs  by 
interrupt in the lower 100kb,  the problem is that it saves it to 
disk when it finds a good pattern,  overwriting the first 64kb on 
the  disk.  It also links to other PRG and TOS files eating  disk 
space.


The 'Shrink' virus

A normal boot virus,  but when it strikes it refuses you to go to 
the  desktop  before  you have talked  about  your  mother,  your 
amiga phobia, and your wet dreams about catfish.


The 'Dame Edna' virus

When it strikes it changes all the 1 into 0 and all the 0 into  1 
on the disk. It also changes the standard GEM text into text that 
could be understood in a sexual way. 


The 'Woody Allen' virus 

When this link virus is activated it makes the infected file have 
a  'intercourse'  with  its data files  thereby  creating  mutant 
files.


The 'T2' virus

It  terminates all files on your disks if you does not  vote  for 
the republicans. Only works on american machines.


The 'social democratic' virus

Changes all files on the disk into equally sized files with equal 
contents.


The 'Conservative' virus

Refuses  you  to change files on the disk if it means  more  room 
for  small files,  while it constantly increases the size of  the 
large files.     


The 'Revolution' virus 

It kills the OS and replaces it with its own OS that threats  all 
files  equally.  Then it starts killing all files that  does  not 
agree  with it,  when it finishes the machine will  not  function 
any more as all the main files have been erased.  It then  steals 
everything of value and tries to emigrate to Cuba.


The 'communist' virus

It hides in small data files where it gathers strength.  It  then 
activates  the  in built 'revolution' virus but after  its  first 
stage  it  takes  control.  You then have to  give  the  computer 
instructions on what you want to do on it the next five years. If 
you  refuses to comply the virus calls the local mental  hospital 
and books you for the next decade.


The 'Lost in space' virus

When it strikes it erases the directory making all files lost  in 
space. It also turns all pictures into Black and white.


The 'EC' virus

Attacks all the files on the disk, it then tries to translate all 
data files in to a common standard and melt all operating systems  
into  one.  Finally  it  merges all files into a  big  file  that 
operates in several languages at ones. 
 
   

