ABOUT THE D.B.A.
 ~DROPS.FIL~
  ~BRIEF1.BLK~ 
                 ..............................
                 ABOUT THE SCENE AND THE D.B.A.
                 .............................
                 

INTRODUCTION
 
This must be the fourth time that this article gets rewritten (at least a 
big part of it.) I'm still not satisfied with it and probably never will 
be. Anyway, lets start with a few words about the D.B.A. The name D.B.A. 
stands for "DiskBusters Association" a name inspired by the Ghostbusters 
movies. The Association part was added later as D.B.A. sounds much better 
than T.D.B. I know that it is a rather bizarre name but it is more than 
seven years old. We were a bit younger back then and young people have the 
tendency to think up silly names. The D.B.A. is well-known by now and 
that's a reason that we don't change it. 

The D.B.A. was founded by two guys. I wanted to form a group although
my swapping partner in those days never saw the purpose of it all. He
always lacked vision! He agreed anyway and we continued swapping. A
couple of months later a third member joined our ranks. He could code
some STOS and we made our first production. It was a CD-player that
played Yamaha music. It was without any doubt the first virtual CD-player
on any computer. I did all the graphics for this project but it never was
released.  

One of our contacts sent us a GFA intro. We were impressed because it
exceeded everything we've ever made. This was the break we were looking
for, a real coder. He visited us and agreed upon doing a demo. He never
wanted to join the D.B.A., though. His name; Bonus Software. He and a
friend by the name of KGE started coding an intro. This intro was called 
the "Batman Classic Demo" and featured an excellent 10 kHz. Sample, a
scrolline and volume indicators. After that he continued with the first 
mega demo coded in GFA. His friend K.G.E. was and still is an ASM coder 
who also contributed to that demo. The diskmagazine idea was born sometime
later ...  


THE D.B.A. IDEA FOR A DISKMAGAZINE,

In previous D.B.A. magazines you could read about this event so let us
keep it short. It all started when a contact of mine from Sweden decided to
visit our beloved country. He was the former editor of INC Magazine and
he had joined the ranks of D.B.A. It was the summer holiday and we all
were together. The idea of a magazine was born in this period. However, we
wanted to make it kind of special. It had to be different from the rest.  
It had to have a custom shell instead of the standard GEM pull down menus.
Bonus came up with a good idea and he could hardly wait to start with it.


A few months later we launched our first magazine (Oct. '91) with success
and a second one followed rapidly. Spectacular changes in the shell took
place as both coders gained more knowledge. We really pulled it off with
magazine six that contained lost of new features and had a stunning intro 
by Synergy. This all happened on the Atari ST(E) ... Now we are back on 
the Falcon with a shell that  is Falcon worthy, making use of most of the
machines' capabilities. We formed a new Alliance for diskmagazines called 
'Magnetic Interlude', which has to insure a better future for the diskmags 
on the Falcon!   
  

EXPLANATION,

The D.B.A. produce diskmagazines and other P.D. software for fun. We are
at the moment the only active Dutch Falcon crew in the Netherlands.
D.B.A. diskmag is supported by several individuals and groups from all
over Europe. Support we can not live without. Now, klick your right mouse
or press ESC and read something really interesting ....
  
   ~DBA_BIG.BLK~
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
Did you know that a few years ago we had around 20 members? These days
there are only 4 and 2 of them do the actual work on the magazine.
Funny thing is, we manage to produce better quality diskmags with 
only two guys!   
 
This is the current members' status of the D.B.A. and the magazine team, 
 
 
THE DISKBUSTERS ASSOCIATION, 
 
Slimer        : Main-editor, swapping, graphics and Webmaster 
                Atari Falcon 32 MHz 4/65

Bonus Software: GFA coding and graphics 
                Atari Falcon 16 MHz 4/450 + copro

K.G.E.        : ASM/GFA coding and some articles. 
                TT 32/? 

O.T.M.        : ASM/GFA coding and some articles. 
                Will soon buy a Falcon

 
MAGAZINE-TEAM, 
 
Havoc/Giants  : Articles/Graphics. 
Crap DC/TAB   : Articles/Graphics


MAGNETIC INTERLUDE MEMBERS,

Maggie        : Articles
ST News       : Articles


New members for the magazine team are of course welcome to join.
Articles, news, graphics and modules are also welcome, so send in your
stuff and keep the D.B.A. magazine on its feet. ~PENPAPER.BLK~
  
            
                           
See you in our mailbox, 

Slimer
  ~BRIEF2.BLK~

~PURPER.PAL~

