STAR TREK VS BABYLON 5
~SECOND.FIL~

Star Trek v Babylon 5.

The Netherlands have never had a wide selection of commercial TV-stations. 
Especially in the smaller places. But things have changed lately. Some of 
the public TV-stations have gone commercial, due to some silly arrangements 
taken by the Dutch government some years ago.

The Dutch government had decided it was not fair for the public television 
to advertise the products who where main sponsors for some programs. They 
had found out that it was quite damaging for the smaller companies who could 
not afford to sponsor programs. 

A few years ago a dutch bussines-man discovered a hole in this political net. 
Just make a program in Aalsmeer (the Netherlands), Transport the data to 
Luxembourgh (Luxembourgh (That is near Belgium)), Beam the data up to the 
Astra satellite, and get the cable-TV-providers to support your station.

From the beginning this was a winning formula. So more and more stations used 
this way to get in touch with Holland. We've now got 4 or 5 stations which are 
just ment for Dutch broadcasting.

This results in the fact that all the stations have had to become much more 
competitive. This is why we now have two really great S.F. series running on 
the Dutch television.

The Public TV are providing the Trekkies with mental food for quite a few years 
now. And according to me they will keep it that way if it is up to them...

Another Commercial station called RTL 5 are broadcasting Babylon 5 once a 
week. As a real computer-freak I'm very fond of things concerning the future. 
S.F.-series is one of them (As is the fact with Manga, C und T etc...)

Star Trek Has always been one of my favorite series on television. I love the 
way the story develops, and the complexity with some of the problems are brought
 
to the viewer (That is me in this case...)

Since a few weeks Babylon 5 the series has entered my life. I have had watched 
some movies which where titled Babylon 5 (strangely enough). So I knew a bit 
what to expect. I also knew that some of the people who worked on Star Trek 
(behind the scenes) are also working on Babylon 5.

I have also had some info concerning Babylon 5 during the Fried Bits party. I 
think this is enough about the background of all of things, and it is time for 
my opinion.

First thing the space-scenes. Star Trek looks much more real (can this be?) 
than Babylon 5. If you are watching the (what you might call) outdoor scenes 
of Babylon 5 you are certain that they are rendered with a computer. This 
feeling is not so much present with the latest series of Star Trek. (the 
rendering is done with an Amiga Render farm, ED)

Although Star Trek looks visual more realistic than Babylon 5, the latest acts 
more realistic I think. In Babylon 5 they are not beaming eachother up and down 
like in Star Trek... But near the station (Babylon 5 is a space-station) there 
is a jump-gate which is used to get in another galaxy. 

So instead of making the shuttle fly very fast, like in Star Trek, the shuttle 
accellerates away from the station, or decellarates towards the station in the 
jump-gate.

The designers have been very accurate with Babylon 5. For example the space-
station is constantly turning around. This is to maintain a force of gravity. 
Normally in space everything is weightless. If you let an object turn round, 
the object produces a force. This force acts on things in and on the object. 
This is also the reason why we don't get thrown into deep space by the turning 
earth.

To give some point of reality to this effect, the stars are all moving in the 
correct way. If a camera is looking outside in Babylon 5, and the point of view 
from the camera is changing, than the way of the stars is adjusted in such a 
way that the viewer really gets the feeling he or she is really on the station.

Furthermore if a space-ship is flying in Babylon 5, the burners are only burning
if the space-ship needs a course-correction or the ship needs accellerate/
decellarate. This is also done correctly according to the appropriate laws of 
physic. This is not always the fact with Star Trek according to me...

The same thing can be said about the oxygene-usage by the human-creatures on 
both series. (You see a human where a sort of gas-mask much quicker on 
Babylon 5 than on Star Trek.)

I think that the development and complexity of stories are equal in both series.
Star Trek as well as Babylon 5 give the viewer some problems which each will be 
solved smoothly as each serie reaches it's end...

Conclusion...

Although Babylon 5 is graphicly outclassed by Star Trek, it has quite a lot of 
extra things to compensate this small problem. Therefore I think that both 
series are really worth viewing. 

I also won't say this one is better or worse than that one, because both of the 
series are far more superiour than the average Dutch quizshows....

O.T.M. 

Stardate: 4x3.1415927e-7 (==mu)
~BLEU.PAL~
