ENERGIZER OF LAZER
~OMEGA.FIL~

(1) First I want to thank you for cooperating with my interview
    in spite of your busy school/work schedules. Like all interviews 
    we kick off with the old cliche question; who are you and what is
    your function in Lazer?

I am Energizer, and I am one of the two coders.
In real life though I am Harald Riegler, 21 years old
and I am studying electrical engineering. ;)


(2)Not all members of Lazer live in the same country. How do you
   manage to create such an marvelous demo as "Lost Blubb?" It
   sounds necessary to me to meet occasionally ...

Only Dan (Our graphician) does not live in Austria. All others live
very near to each other (near Vienna). Actually we met (and still do, 
even when not doing any computer stuff) very often. During the 
finishing of Lost Blubb all of us (except Dan o.c.) "lived" at
Photons place for nearly two weeks.


(3)How long did it take to create "Lost Blubb" whose idea was it
   in the first place?

It took about 9 months and it was Martinas idea. Then we all tried
to design it, but Martina would not let us. :(


(4)As you may have heard; "Lost Blubb" was shown on American
   television in a show called "World of Demos." Some people saw this 
   show and were very impressed by your production. Was "Lost Blubb" 
   beside being fun to make also intended as a promotion demo(in order 
   to get a job)?

No. It was made for pure fun. The tons of mail from companies wanting us 
are yet to come ;) Of course every line of code you write helps you to 
improve your skills, so if you look at it that way, democoding may be 
seen as some sort of investment for your own future.


(5)I know that your Falcon broke down a while ago. Still you want to buy 
   a new one ... What is it that you like on the Falcon that made you 
   purchase one in the first place?

I like the concept behind the machine, the fact of having a good operating
system not requiring 20 Megs on a HD and the rest for swapfiles, and
being able to program a Motorola processor.

What do you dislike?

It should have had a 32Mhz clock.
The stupid mouseconnectors.
Sadly there is no support for it anymore


(6)The Atari demo scene is by many regarded as relaxed and friendly.
   What are your experiences and what do you think of the PC scene?

I always enjoy meeting the people in the atari szene, as there are only
a few guys that are arrogant towards newcomers.
I can't really say anything about the PC scene as I know absolutely 
nothing about it. I have seen about 3 demos that are 2 years old 
and nothing more.

(7)Are you currently working on new projects? If so could you lift a tip of
   the veil?

You (hopefully) just saw the intro for just this mag. Of course we are 
discussing plans for the next big demo, but until now we are still arguing
over the concept. As for other projects, it depends on how fast I will
have a working Falcon. At least when I get my Falcon back, I 
can finally release the Music Compile 3 (I couldn`t copy the 
sources from my HD before I left it for repairing) as it is 
finished to 99%.
Other projects include continuing Indypaint 2


(8)Can we look forward to another megademo at the next Fried Bits party?

We really don't know yet, there are some serious time problems we have
to solve (mostly projects at university). Due to Lost Blubb we all
are a bit behind our exam-scedule. In two or three months we will have
to decide about it... 


(9)The Fried Bits party is without any doubt THE major event for the Atari
   scene. It is organized by "The Independent" This organization was very
   active the last couple of years but now we see a decline in new productions
   by them. Is "The Independent" slowly dying or is it my imagination?

No, it is not your imagination. The whole atari-scene is slowly dying and 
this of course includes the independent as well. The active groups list 
includes (as far as I know): Aura, Absence, Inter and Lazer. If any other 
group should release anything it would be a big surprise.
We are still staying in contact though...


(10)Who are according to you the best groups (besides yours) on the Atari
    scene?

Hmm, probably Eko, Inter and Avena. Although the new demos by Exa, Hydroxid 
and Therapy were very good too. It is good to see that new groups start doing 
something for the Falcon too (I just realized we forgot to greet Hydroxid in 
the intro. Sorry, of course you should be included there!).In general I would 
like to encourage unknown groups to release what they are coding. So many groups 
work a lot but never release anything. A fact that I find very sad.


(11)Do you think that diskmagazines are contributing to a better scene 
    environment? Are they as useful to you as a "normal" paper-based 
    computer magazine or are they just a collection amusing text-files?

I do think that they contribute to the scene, but I don't read so much of 
them. Mostly only the scene-rumours and demoreviews. I never read those CD-
tests and similar stuff.


(12)Are you taking reviews of your productions in a diskmagazine seriously?

To the major part yes. But I always keep in mind that the opinion displayed
is that of a single (or max 2-3) person(s). Sometimes the reviewing person 
also lacks the knowledge to review technical matters, but still doesn't hesitate 
to tell the world that something could have been done much better according 
to him...
The reviews in the DBA mag have although always been quite good. Besides it 
is very good to read a critical opinion about your own things, as usually you 
are very fond of your own work.


(13)I won't take much more of your precious time and conclude this interview 
    with one last question.  How do you see the future of Atari (taking the 
    MicroBox in account, see Maggie 18)?

To be honest, I don't believe a single line of the Microbox review. Atari has 
canceled all retailer treaties, because the marketing structure of the Jag 
(which is the only future Atari is counting on) doesn't need special retailers. 
They would never have done this if they wanted to introduce a new computer. 
We just have to face the fact that the Falcon is the last computer from Atari. 
But maybe if you send Atari the specs, they might take it as a suggestion ;)


Thank you very much for allowing me to interview you. I hope you liked my 
new journalism interview approach.

Sure, the New York Times is waiting for you! ;-)
(Sure, but they don't realize it, ED)  ;-))
~LOTS.PAL~