Felice's Column
~SLIMER.FIL~
-----------------------------------------
A NEW COLUMN BY FELICE OF THE MAGGIE TEAM
-----------------------------------------

This is a new column from,  yes,  one writer you might well dread 
of hearing from ..... Felice of Maggie!
Before I start, I would like to thank Slimer and the DBA crew for
including this article in this issue of DBA,  one of our partners 
under  the  'Magnetic Interludes' banner....who has also  made  a 
very  surprise but welcome arrival on the  Internet.   You'll  be 
able to find DBA's email address hopefully somewhere else in  the 
mag. (Yeah, send me mail -ED)

MAGGIE 5TH BIRTHDAY PARTY....

This  occurred on the historic day of August 19th,  1995  at  the 
little town of Rushden,  Northants,  England .. in fact, the same 
town  that  CIH resides in (very nearly the  same  street).   The 
party  was held at the Rilton Hotel,  and was very enjoyable  for 
the  majority  of us who were there,  not so  enjoyable  for  one 
particular person who was not (words like 'Taunton' and 'Lost at' 
come   to  mind  here  regarding  a  certain  editor  of   a   UK 
diskmag).  Chris was also slightly not enjoyed by this experience 
either  ...  he had a wasted trip to Northampton Bus  Station  (a 
round  trip of around 30 miles or so)  - it WAS very  lucky  that 
they had a tannoy system!

The  party  itself  was attended by  a  fair  few  people,  these 
consisted  of (alongside Chris and  myself),  Leon,  Natasha  (of 
Reservoir Gods), Tat, Richard Davey, Kev, Mike Noyce, Dave, Mark, 
John (Skynet Times), Ian Garbutt and friend (new local people who 
Chris  and I spoke to the week before the party),  Ralph  Lovesey 
(coder of Team) plus others who popped their heads in...  The day 
and evening passed over well,  apart from a rather  crap-sounding 
disco playing a lot of the so-called 'chart' hits.   Personally I 
reckon the music coming from the Maggie Party sounded better than 
what  was  coming from there.   It was a shame  that  no  foreign 
groups were there ..  never mind,  we'll hopefully see you all at 
the next Fried Bits party....

WEIRD GOINGS ON.......

Just  a  week  after the party,  a  documentary  appeared  on  TV 
containing  film  of a supposed  'alien  autopsy'.   Screened  on 
Channel 4 (opposite to the X-Files on BBC2 at the same time) this 
documentary  contained the first real scenes of what experts  the 
world over say is a real autopsy of an alien from outer space.

In  1947,  at a place in New Mexico called Roswell,  there was  a 
crash involving not an aeroplane, in fact a UFO.  The documentary 
showed the strange pieces of metal,  which was later checked  and 
found not to come from any aircraft at all.   Also, there was one 
of  the most strangest black-and-white short films ever  seen  on 
television  to date;  of an autopsy of one of these alien  beings 
from  this  UFO  that  had crashed in  the  desert  just  outside 
Roswell.   There  were also various people who were  wheeled  on, 
saying that this could be a hoax,  that Hollywood special-effects 
studios made it all up ....  sure,  in recent years I guess  that 
kind  of  thing can be done (watch John  Carpenter's  movie  'The 
Thing' for those).   On the other hand, if it is supposed to be a 
hoax,  why did the American military keep it hidden away for  all 
this time??

You are probably reading this now and thinking 'has this guy been 
overdosing on episodes of the X-Files?'.  No, I haven't, but this 
documentary about Roswell has sure got me thinking.....

We should know the full story for definite in a few  months...the 
documentary did say that the whole thing was being checked out.

WEIRDER STILL ....

Another one of these famous Ice-Men,  from the Ice Age,  has been 
found  in Russia (according to the 10 o'clock  News).   It  looks 
very  similar to another one that was found in the Alps  by  some 
skiers  some years ago.   This new one,  however,  is  much  more 
preserved than the first one was ...  there are tattoos all  over 
the body,  and, from what the scientists said, there was a lot of 
new information to be gleaned from it.

HOLLYWOOD NEWS ....

It  appears  to have become a 'kiss of death' for  any  actor  or 
actress to be involved with a movie alongside the Coreys, Feldman 
and  Haim.   You  may remember in previous issues  of  Maggie  of 
various reviews of their films .. even if this is now the case in 
the  US,  most of the films from both actors do quite  well  over 
here.   Mind  you,  we've seen more of Corey  Haim  recently,  in 
movies like 'Just One of the Girls' - a hilarious comedy.   Corey 
Feldman  has got one or two new movies out which have been  quite 
good  - check out 'Meatballs 4' if you haven't seen it  yet.   It 
also appears as though 'Dream A Little Dream 2' went badly  wrong 
for  them ..  when it was supposed to return both Coreys  to  the 
limelight ...... You can't win sometimes, can you?

You  are reminded,  of course,  that it is still  worth  watching 
classic  Corey  movies like 'Dream A Little Dream' -  though  the 
sequel is also OK as well,  they have made slightly better movies 
than it.

Corey  Feldman  has  recently been involved in  a  comedy  series 
called 'Dweebs',  a US 10-week 3/4 of an hour shows.  The show is 
based  around  the world of computer hackers and  techno  freaks, 
from  what  I have heard the first episode  featured  (which  was 
carried  all over the US) one of the first showings of the  'Lost 
Blubb' demo from Lazer.  It looks as though the people behind the 
show  have  done  some  good work on  reflecting  how  the  scene 
actually works together .. because the show has got good ratings.

William McNamara,  costar of Corey Feldman & Meredith Salenger in 
'Dream  A Little Dream' is on Internet now,  with his  own  email 
address ...  and a fan club!   It appears as though he is getting 
well-known now ..  I have sent him an email...but at the time  of 
writing have received no reply as yet.


AEO SLAGS OFF 'THE EDGE'!

Yes,  you read the above title right.   Seeing as many  diskmags, 
including this one you're reading now,  as well as Maggie and  ST 
News and also Power, have had a go at that rather crappy magazine 
called 'The Edge' which has been hanging around the British paper 
magazine  market for longer than it really should have  been  ... 
but that is the way it goes in the UK,  crap is on  sale,  whilst 
good  stuff is not.   Anyway,  an issue of Atari Explorer  Online 
contains several articles slagging off 'The Edge' - it turns  out 
that  it  has been imported into the US market for  a  couple  of 
months  or so now - and this appears to be the verdict from  that 
side of the Atlantic.  I wonder if any copies of it were actually 
sold ??

My statement in the last paragraph 'crap is on sale in the UK' is 
unfortunately  the  true case in the paper  computer  mag  market 
here.   Loads  of titles for the PC are abound,  titles like  'PC 
Review','PC CD-ROM now' etc sit on the shelves.   The funny thing 
is that I've NEVER yet seen anyone buying a copy of these mags!

It's a funny old world, isn't it???

NEW ATARI WWW BROWSER AVAILABLE!

At last, a fully functioning World Wide Web browser for the Atari 
has  been launched.   Yes,  you may well have heard of  the  HTML 
Browser  that  has been doing the rounds for a short  while  now.  
Well,  the  good news is that it has now been updated even  more, 
with the welcome ability to actually connect to the Net and  view 
the  WWW  pages  as  they come in,  like  when  using  other  WWW 
browsers,  such  as  Netscape,  on  other  systems.   It  can  be 
downloaded from Demon,  and will be available from a lot of other 
places soon.

CRASH TEST DUMMIES - NEW BOOK RELEASED!

Yes,  a very kind soul out in the dark world has written and  now 
released  a  book based on our favourite  band,  the  Crash  Test 
Dummies.   Written by an American-Brit guy called Stephen Ostick, 
it  has now been distributed across Canada and copies  have  been 
sent to distributors in England and Germany.   I know for a  fact 
that  a lot of people like the sound of Crash Test Dummies -  so, 
if you do see the book, make sure you buy it!

Felice.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
VIDEO REVIEWS ..... by Felice of Maggie Team

SCHINDLER'S LIST

This movie, which appeared in movie theatres across the globe, is 
based  on  the true story of Oskar Schindler,  a  member  of  the 
German Nazi Party (under Hitler) during World War 2,  who  helped 
to  save many Jews and other prisoners from certain death in  the 
infamous death camps of Auschwitz and Sobibor, amongst others.

Lasting  around 3 hours,  Schindler's List tells the true  story, 
right  from when World War 2 started with the invasion of  Poland 
by  Germany,  when he first started to save people once he  heard 
and saw for himself the terror of just what was happening to  the 
Jews during the war, in particular.

Schindler  set  up a company known as 'Deutsche  EmailFabrik'  or 
'Emailia'  for short,  and,  contained inside the company  was  a 
factory  where people whom Schindler saved  worked.   The  actual 
look of the place was meant to fool other Nazis who visited  that 
it was a work camp for Jews,  complete with the nasty things like 
whips etc,  when in fact it contained none of those  things.   It 
was  a  nice  place  to  work,   without  the  fear  of   guards, 
transportation,  brutality,  etc  ..  and many people  today  who 
remember Oskar Schindler know that without him,  they wouldn't be 
alive today.

The film runs for around 3 hours in total, with the vast majority 
of  it in black and white.   Liam Neeson plays the title role  of 
Oskar  Schindler,  alongside the British actor Ralph Fiennes  who 
plays the evil Nazi,  Amon Goeth.  Incidentally, the performances 
by  all of the people involved,  including Ben Kingsley  and  the 
other extras who were involved in the film were  excellent.   The 
film  ends  with  a breathtaking sequence involving  all  of  the 
survivors  of Schindler placing flowers on his grave  in  Israel; 
truly  an impressive piece of history,  both in real life and  in 
the world of movies in general.

If  there  is anyone out there who hasn't  yet  seen  Schindler's 
List, make sure you hire it out ... You won't regret it.


POLICE AMERICA - REAL LIFE ADVENTURES OF THE HIGHWAY PATROL

This long running (3 hours) documentary which came in from the US 
last  year  is  pretty good,  with a lot of  exciting  action  in 
places.   For  those  of you who have not  seen  these  real-life 
police movies before, I will give you a bit of history.

In  the UK at the beginning of 1994,  the tabloids  presented  us 
with news of a video that was going to be released at the end  of 
January,  showing  the bad habits on the roads in  the  UK.   The 
first  one to be released was called 'Police Stop'  and  featured 
real-life film of crashes on motorways,  shunts,  and general bad 
driving  like  you see regularly now in  the  UK.   Sequels  were 
launched later on in the year, but they didn't go down as well as 
the first one.

Then the Americans started to muscle in to the market with  their 
new video.   It featured much the same as in the British  videos, 
but with the added bonus,  the police in the US all have guns  as 
standard, and, in a lot of cases, they end up using them.  Not to 
harm  people,  you understand,  but,  in the case of  pursuing  a 
stolen vehicle, they shoot the tyres out, so the vehicle comes to 
a stop.   There is none of this 'chase until crash' nonsense like 
you  see in the UK - but some of the incidents they have to  deal 
with are certainly nasty.

One  of the incidents involves a stolen car which crashes on  the 
freeway.   The  car explodes,  blocking the road  completely  and 
causing  one  hell of a blockage - at the same time  the  Highway 
Patrol  are having to rescue someone from the burning car -  plus 
arresting  someone  else  at the  same  time!

However,  not all of the incidents are nasty.  One of the lighter 
moments  in the movie is where a group of men (dressed  as  women 
for a charity do) get pulled over,  due to the driver not wearing 
a seatbelt and also with the vehicle having a cracked windshield.
As the guys were all in good spirits, they were talking generally 
to  the  trooper  who had pulled them up,  all  they  got  was  a 
warning.

This is one of the better police reality movies on the UK  market 
at this moment in time .. the pace is very fast throughout.


I.D.

This movie,  released on the Polygram label,  yes,  the same  one 
responsible  for the worst movie ever starring a certain  British 
actor who received a certain something from a hooker named Divine 
Brown,  is a gritty drama based around the background of football 
hooliganism on the terraces.

Starring Reece Dinsdale and Warren Clarke,  amongst other British 
actors,  I don't think this movie will ever feature on British TV 
movie  shows  - they cater for 'family'  movies  only.   Dinsdale 
plays alongside three other guys,  the parts of policemen who are 
sent  to  infiltrate the gangs who organise the  trouble  on  the 
terraces.

The cops go undercover to infiltrate the hooligans,  and visit an 
infamous pub called 'The Rock'.   The landlord,  played by Warren 
Clarke (who was also in a TV programme some years ago called 'The 
Manageress' alongside Cherie Lunghi) is a hard nut,  one of these 
'ringleaders' who manages to get fooled up till the end that the
new  fans  are  actually cops undercover.   There  is  a  lot  of 
violence,  quite  like that we see on TV even today....but it  is 
quite an exciting action thriller.

Movies like this that are made in the UK never get the  promotion 
that they deserve ..  showing that not all movies produced in the 
UK are the arty house productions as of recently.   Gritty dramas 
like I.D and others of its ilk show the shocking reality of  life 
in recession-hit England today.

------------------------------------------------------------------
~BLEU.PAL~
