GOSSIP
~SKULBACK.FIL~

ATARI MICROBOX

Shocking news from the Atari HQ in Sunnyvale U.S.A.! The Atari MicroBox
is not a new computer! Jack Tramiel announced that Atari has left the
computer scene and is now developing advanced domestic appliances. The
MicroBox will be Atari's first product in this new sector. 
Jack Tramiel quoted: "The MicroBox will be Atari's first attempt to
revolutionize microwave ovens."

The MicroBox can be connected to any computer to automate the preparation
of food. By using special software and an interlink people can control the new
device. Features include a food database including preparation times, a timer
etc. The MicroBox will become available in autumn this year. It will cost the
price of a decent P.C.


WINDOWS 95

Many new owners of Windows 95 complain about unexpected costs. Microsoft
neglected to tell the users that windows tend to become dirty. Many users
were forced to hire professional window-cleaners. Especially big companies
with many computers using windows had high costs.
Microsoft has come with a solution. They bought a window-cleaning company
that you can hire. The company  Steamy Windows' has trained personnel that
know windows inside out.

Microsoft will also sell special add-ons including screen wipers and screen
savers. The add-on package can be obtained for only 200 dollars from your
local wiper dealer.

JUST IN: Microsoft is also planning a special communication program for the
Atari MicroBox. Further details are not known ...


ST NEWS CUSTOM SHELL??

ST-News gets ready for the new age of Falcon diskmags..

Contrary to earlier reports from the God  of Diskmags himself, Richard 'Zeus'
Karsmakers, he is now keenly awaiting a major upgrade of the existing ST-News 
shell to take full advantage of the Falcon..

Previously described as 'Blue, bland, featureless and boring', the traditional  
GEM  shell is to be revamped in a number of new and exciting ways..

'Virtua-GEM' interface, the good old menu bars dropping from the top of the 
screen are retained,  but now interfaced with a custom headset developed by 
Virtuality Inc..  You can now 'walk' right up to them as this new development 
of GEM puts ST-News firmly in the realms of cyberspace!! (Only 150 pounds - 
special offer with issue 10.2!) 

Hidden article quest now DSP assisted..

Blue colouration of the desktop retained, but now it is in full 16-bit 
truecolour shading, going from a very light blue at the top of the screen, to 
something really deep and dark at the bottom, in a really nice graduated 
way..

Gouraud shaded mouse pointer!

New  custom disk formatting routines enable up to twenty seven sectors on disk, 
with an overall storage capacity of seven megabytes (compressed data values)..  
Ninety eight percent of this will be pure textfiles!!

Advanced music player, this is to remain based around the YM2149 soundchip 
(modules waste precious disk space!) but will feature new techniques to 
squeeze up to thirty two channels out of it..  A special tune featuring full 
SIDchip type effects on all thirty two channels is being composed specially for 
the next issue by a team of crack soundchip programmers including  Rob  Hubbard, 
Jochen Hippel, Big Alec, and Count Zero!!

With ST-News joining the DBA and Maggie teams on the Falcon, truly a new age of 
Diskzines has dawned!!

CiH..
 

MAGGIE BREAKS INTO D.B.A. H.Q.

Rumours go that a certain member of Maggie has broken into the D.B.A. 
main-computer. This computer contains the articles and graphics for 
the next issue of D.B.A. diskmag. Several articles were altered and all 
kinds of pro-Maggie messages were planted. We managed to delete most 
of these messages ... 
 

RESERVOIR GODS EATEN BY HEADHUNTERS!

In the previous D.B.A. mag you could read that the Reservoir Gods 
managed to scare away a wild tribe of Headhunters by waving a 
lighter. Unfortunately they've run out of gas ...

---

NEXT TIME IN GOSSIP:

* Reservoir Gods 'resurrected' by sex hungry voodoo mistress?
* Was the coder of the new ST News shell murdered? Was Iran responsible or 
  a competing diskmag?
* Havoc/Giants is really Imca Marina?  (Hoi Peter!)
* Energizer/Lazer is really Elvis?

Find out next time in GOSSIP!
~BROWN.PAL~