MONTY PYTHON STUFF
(selected by Greg)
~SLIMER2.FIL~
Are you nervy, irritable, depressed, tired of life? Keep it up!!!


Let's talk about bottoms

Hello! Some people don't like talking about bottoms, but I'm one who does.
I think bottoms are super! Mine's a little beauty - I can feel it now as I
sit on it. Wow! What a shame you can't see it, but I'm not showing it to
anybody at the moment, because it's got a little spotty bit round the
corner, and I don't want people saying I can't look after my own so what
right have I got to talk about anyone else's. But take my word for it -
it's like a little Michelangelo soaked in Brut. Anyway the point is why's
everybody so quiet about their bottoms? I mean there's Vic Feather,
probably sitting on a peach but does he give anyone else a peek? Not on
your life. And that Hugh Scanlon - he's just the same - never even
mentions bottoms from one industrial dispute to another. I don't know
about Jack Jone's of the T.G.W.U., I'd like to be more confident in myself
before I had a peek at his, though I'm sure it's really lovely.
Jeremy Thrope's bottom hasn't had much exposure either recently and I'm
sure it's nice - you know, really nice - the kind that could easily spark
off a Liberal revival. And the same with Margaret Thatcher I'm positive
that if only she'd show her bottom a few times, she'd do such a lot of
good, and help people forget about their shabby lives. Anyway, Margaret,
love, don't let them talk you out of it - if you want to show your bottom
to a wider public, you go ahead, and show the moaning minnies on the back
bench what a bit of bottom can do.
Well, it's time to close again. I've got to lift my bottom off the chair
and take it round to the Valderma. So long loves, let it breathe!


And now for something compeletely different...


Play Cheeshop
(an exciting new word game for two based on real life retailing)

The rules are simple:
 1. The two players write down the names of as many Nineteenth-Century
    British Prime Ministers as they can remember.
 2. Whoever remembers the least is the Victim, or Customer.
 3. The other is the Prankster or Shopkeeper.
 4. The Victim next asks the Shopkeeper for a type of cheese.
 5. The Shopkeeper, who has no cheese whatsoever in his shop, must then
    give an excuse why he does not have that particular variety. If he
    simply says that he does not have it he loses the game. He must give
    an excuse (see below for a few examples).
 6. The Victim then asks for another variety of cheese.
 7. The Shopkeeper gives another excuse.
 8. This continues until either:
    (a) the Customer runs out of new names of varieties of cheeses or
        repeats himself, in which case the Shopkeeper wins; or
    (b) the Shopkeeper keeps the Customer in his shop for three minutes,
        in which case the Shopkeeper wins; or
    (c) the Customer attacks the Shopkeeper or has a fit of any kind, in
        which case the Shopkeeper wins; or
    (d) the Shopkeeper pauses for more than three seconds before giving an
        excuse or repeats himself, in which case the Customer wins (this
        is not like real life, but then this is a game); or
    (e) the Shopkeeper admits he has no cheese at all, in which case the
        Customer wins and may punch the Shopkeeper in the teeth.

Special long version of game for real life shopkeepers:
  Rules are the same but the Customer must be kept in the shop for forty
  minutes.

A few simple excuses for beginners:
  1. There's very little call for it around here.
  2. The van was supposed to be bringing it in this morning.
  3. We never have it on Wednesday.
  4. We would stock it but it goes off so quickly.
  5. It's very seldom sold these days.
  6. It'll be in tomorrow.
  7. I wouldn't recommend that one really.
  8. We just sold the last piece.
  9. I'll have a look... I'm sorry the cat must have had it.
 10. May I ask what you're eating it with?
 11. Shall I order some for you?
 12. We're fresh out of it.
 13. It's a bit too runny, I wouldn't want to sell it to you like this.
 14. Taylor's down the road might have some.
 15. There's been a run on it this week.
 16. We haven't got that as such.

For lactophobes the following variations are recommended:
Fish-shop
Book-shop or Library
Pet-shop
Greengrocer

Whizzo Assortment
(as recommended by Superintendant Parrot of the Hygene Squad Contains
plenty of monosodium glutomate and lark's vomit)

Cherry fondue:
Extremely nasty.

Anthrax ripple:
America's favourite.

Spring surprise:
Our speciality! Dark smooth chocolate. When you pop it in your mouth steel
bolts spring out and plunge straight through both cheeks.

Ram's bladder cup:
Only the choicest juicy chunks of fresh Cornish Ram's bladder, emptied,
steamed, flavoured with sesame seeds, whipped into a fondue and garnished
with lark's vomit.

Cockroach cluster:
Enjoyed by royalty, except Swedish royalty.

Crunchy frog:
Tiniest baby frog, dew picked and flown from Iraq, cleansed in finest
quality spring water, lightly killed and sealed in a succulent Swiss
quintuple-smooth full-cream treble milk chocolate envelope, and lovingly
frosted with glucose.

Rat Recipes

Rat Pie:
Take four medium sized rats and lay them on the chopping board. Having
first made sure the chopper is freshly sharpened, raise it as high above
the first rat as you can. Make sure that the rat's neck is well exposed,
then bring the chopper down with as much force as possible onto the neck
or head of the rat. Then cook it in a pie.

Rat Souffle:
Make sure that the rat's squeals are not audible from the street,
particularly in areas where the Anti-Souffle League and similar do-gooders
are out to persecute the innocent pleasures of the table. Anyway, cut the
rat down and lay it on the chopping-board. Raise the chopper high above
your head, with the steel glinting in the setting sun, and then bring it
down - Wham! - with a vivid crunch - straight across the taught neck of
the terrified rodent, and make it into a souffle.

Bits of rat hidden under a chair:
This isn't so much a recipe as a bit of advice in the event of members of
the Anti-Souffle League or its simpering lackeys breaking into your flat.
Your wife (or a friend's) should engage the pusillanimous toadies from the
League in conversation, perhaps turning the chat to the price of corn and
the terrible damage inflicted by all kinds of rodents on personal property,
and rats attacking small babies (this always takes the steam out of them)
and you should have the time to get any rat-bits safety out of sight.
Incidentally do make sure that your current copy of The Rat Gourmet hasn't
been left lying around, otherwise all will be in vain, and the braying
hounds of the culinary killjoys will be unleashed upon the things you
cherish: your chopping-board, the chopper caught in the blood-red glare of
the fading sun. Bring it down - crunch! The slight splintering of tiny
spinal column under the keen metal! The last squeal and the death twitches
of the helpless rat!


Nudge Nudge...

Norman: Is your wife a... goer... eh? Know what I mean, know what I mean?
Nudge nudge. Nudge nudge. Know what I mean. Say no more... know what I
mean?
Him: I beg your pardon?
Norman: Your wife... does she, er, does she 'go' - eh? eh? eh? Know what I
mean, know what I mean? Nudge nudge. Say no more.
Him: She sometimes goes, yes.
Norman: I bet she does. I bet she does. I bet she does. Know what I mean?
Nudge nudge.
Him: I'm sorry I don't quite follow you.
Norman: Follow me! Follow me! I like that. That's good. A nod's as good as
a wink to a blind bat, eh?
Him: Are you trying to sell something?
Norman: Selling selling. Very good. Very good. Oh, wicked. Wicked. You're
wicked. Eh? Know what I mean, know what I mean? Nudge nudge. Know what I
mean. Nudge nudge. Nudge nudge. Say... no... more.
Him: But...
Norman: Your wife is she, eh... is she a sport? Eh?
Him: She likes sport, yes.
Norman: I bet she does. I bet she does.
Him: She's very fond of cricket, as a matter of fact.
Norman: Who isn't, eh? Know what I mean? Likes games, likes games. Knew
she would! She's been around, eh? Been around.
Him: She's travelled. She's from Purley.
Norman: Oh... oh. Say no more, say no more. Say no more. - Purley, say no
more. Purley, eh? Know what I mean, know what I mean? Say no more.
Him: ???
Norman: Your wife interested in er... photographs eh? Know what I mean?
Photographs 'he asked him knowingly'.
Him: Photography.
Norman: Yes. Nudge nudge. Snap snap. Grin, grin, wink, wink, say no more.
Him: Holiday snaps?
Norman: Could be, could be taken on holiday. Could be yes - swimming
costumes. Know what I mean? Candid photography. Know what I mean, nudge
nudge.
Him: No, no we don't have a camera.
Norman: Oh, still Woah! Eh? Wo-oah! Eh?
Him: Look, are you insinuating something?
Norman: Oh... no... no... Yes.
Him: Well?
Norman: Well. I mean. Er, I mean. You're a man of the world, aren't you...
I mean, er, you've er... you've been there haven't you... I mean you've
been around... eh?
Him: What do you mean?
Norman: Well I mean like you've er... you've done it... I mean like, you
know... you've... er... you've slept with a lady.
Him: Yes.
Norman: What's it like?


Argument Clinic

Man: Is this the right room for an argument?
Mr Vibrating: I've told you once.
Man: No you haven't.
Mr Vibrating: Yes I have.
Man: When?
Mr Vibrating: Just now!
Man: No you didn't.
Mr Vibrating: Yes I did!
Man: Didn't!
Mr Vibrating: Did!
Man: Didn't!
Mr Vibrating: I'm telling you I did!
Man: You did not!
Mr Vibrating: I'm sorry, is this a five-minute argument, or the full
half-hour?
Man: Oh... Just a five-minute one.
Mr Vibrating: Fine, thank you.
Anyway I did.
Man: You certainly did not.
Mr Vibrating: Now, let's get one thing quite clear. I most definitely
told you!
Man: You did not.
Mr Vibrating: Yes I did.
Man: You did not.
Mr Vibrating: Yes I did.
Man: Didn't!
Mr Vibrating: Yes I did.
Man: Didn't!
Mr Vibrating: Yes I did!!
Man: Look this isn't an argument.
Mr Vibrating: Yes it is.
Man: No it isn't, it's just contradiction.
Mr Vibrating: No it isn't.
Man: Yes it is.
Mr Vibrating: It is not.
Man: It is. You just contradicted me.
Mr Vibrating: No I didn't!
Man: Ooh, you did!
Mr Vibrating: No, no, no, no, no.
Man: You did, just then.
Mr Vibrating: No, nonsense!
Man: Oh, look this is futile.
Mr Vibrating: No it isn't.
Man: I came here for a good argument.


Meet the Gits

Host: Ah, John. Allow me to introduce my next-door neighbour. John Stokes,
this is A Snivelling Little Rat-Faced Git. Ah!
Git: Hello, I noticed a slight look of anxiety cross your face for a
moment just then, but you needn't worry - I'm used to it. That's the
trouble of having a surname like Git.
John: Oh... yes, yes.
Git: We did think once of having it changed by deed-poll, you know - to
Watson or something like that. But A Snivelling Little Rat-Faced Watson's
just as bad, eh?
John: Yes, yes, I suppose so.
Git: Oh, that's my wife. Darling! Come and meet Mr... what was it?
John: Stokes - John Stokes.
Git: Oh yes. John Stokes, this is my wife, Dreary Fat Boring Old.
John: Oh, er, how do you do.
Mrs Git: How do you do.
Mrs Stokes: Darling, there you are!
John: Yes, yes, here I am, yes.
Git: Oh this is your wife?
John: Yes, yes, yes, this is my wife. Yes. Um darling, these, these are
the Gits.
Git: Oh, heaven's sakes we are being formal. Does it have to be surnames?
John: Oh, no. No. Not at all. No. Um, no, this... this... this is my wife
Norah, er, Norah Jane, Norah Jane Stokes. This is Snivelling Little Rat-
Faced Git. And this is his wife Dreary Fat Boring Old Git.
Git: I was just telling your husband what an awful bore it is having a
surname like Git.
Mrs Stokes: Oh! Oh well, it's not that bad.
Git: Oh, you've no idea how the kids get taunted. Why, only last week
Dirty Lying Little Two-Faced came running home from school, sobbing his
eyes out, and our youngest, Ghasty Spotty Horrible Vicious Little is just
at the age when taunts like "she's a git" really hurt. Yes.
John: Do... do you live round here?
Git: Yes, we live up the road, number 49 - you can't miss it. We've just
had the outside painted with warm pus.
John: Oh.
Git: Yes. It's very nice actually. It goes nicely with vomit and catarrh
we've got smeared all over the front door.
Mrs Stokes: I think we ought to be going. We have two children to collect.
Git: Oh, well, bring them round for tea tomorrow.
Mrs Stokes: Well...
Git: It's Ghasty Spotty Cross-Eyed's birthday and she's having a
disembowelling party for a few friends. The Nauseas will be there, and
Doug and Janice Mucus, and the Rectums from Swanage.


Children's Page

Hello children hello. This is Uncle Dennis welcoming you to your own page.
Hello. Today we are going to have a story, so sit confortably and we can
all start.

One day, Rikki the magic Pixie, went to visit Daisy Bumble in her
tumbledown cottage. He found her in the bedroom. Roughly he grabbed her
heaving shoulders pulling her down on to the bed and hurriedly ripping off
her thin...

Old Nick, the Sea Captain was a rough tough jolly sort of fellow. He loved
the life of the sea and he loved to hang out down by the pier where the
men dressed as ladies... with a melon.

Rumpletweezer ran the Dinky Tinky shop in the foot of the Magic oak tree
by the wobby dum dum tree in the shade of the magic glade down in Dingly
Dell. Here he sold contraceptives, ... and various appliances ... naked
fun ... f... ... sh... ...


Lumberjack Song
(Chorus by the men of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police)

I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK,
I sleep all night and I work all day.

He's a lumberjack and he's OK,
He sleeps all night and he works all day.

I cut down trees, I eat my lunch,
I go to the lavatory.
On Wednesday I go shopping
And have buttered scones for tea.

He cuts down trees, he eats his lunch,
He goes to the lavatory.
On Wednesday he goes shopping,
And has buttered scones for tea.
He's a lumberjack and he's OK,
He sleeps all night and he works all day.

I cut down trees, I skip and jump,
I like to press wild flowers.
I put on women's clothing
And hang around in bars.

He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps,
He likes to press wild flowers.
He puts on women's clothing
And hangs around in bars...?
He's a lumberjack and he's OK,
He sleeps all night and he works all day.

I cut down trees, I wear high heels,
Suspenders and a bra.
I wish I'd been a girlie,
Just like my dear Mama.

He cuts down trees, he wears high heels,
Suspenders... and a bra?...


Spam

Spam, spam, spam, lovely spam,
Wonderful spam, lovely spam.
Spam, spam, spam, spam,
Spam, spam, spam, spam, etc

Spam, spam, spam, magnificent spam,
Superlative spam.
Spam, spam, spam, spam,
Spam, spam, spam, spam, etc

Spam, spam, spam, wonderous spam,
Surgial spam, splendiferous spam.
Spam, spam, spam, spam,
Spam, spam, spam, spam, etc


It's a man's life in the Disk Busters Association! (Lemming of the D.B.A.)


Greg of COMA Team
~YELLOW.PAL~
