PC TROUBLE
~HEARTS.FIL~

This O.T.M. back again behind his good old Atari Mega Ste2. I'm 
writing a small article for the D.B.A. Diskmagazine because I have 
got something to share with you.... (Don't know which issue ==> I 
lost track of it due to school...)

This year was my practical year... I had to go into the "Real Life", 
and find out what I had learned at school, and learn things I couldn't
ever learn at school.... (Yes, yes it was a tuff year 4 me...)

Firstly I was placed at a little store called EP: ElectronicPartner Beute.
This is the actual place at which K.G.E. does his crime against humanity.
I had loads of fun working and I have learned a lot over there. I have 
learned a lot about electronics during this stage of the year...

Secondly they put me away at Jonkers Data B.V. This is a (small) company
in Staphorst... First things first: Staphorst is a small town 
22 kilometres down south of Steenwijk. It is a very strange place to
be. The "real" inhabitent of Staphorst wear what we call: Klededracht.
This means that they wear clothes just like their parents, and before
that their grandparents did. Also, Staphorst is very religious.

So you can imagine that the school amazed me by telling me that they 
had placed me at a small computer-company in Staphorst. I couldn't
quite imagine that Staphorst was capable of such high technologies...

When I came by to introduce myself, it all went obvious for me...
The people who work at Jonkers are all import. The are no real 
Staphorsters. 

At first I was very happy with this new position I was put in... They
promised me that I would learn a lot about computers. But later it
turned out to be that I had completely misjudged the situation...

I was at first totally convinced that the company Jonkers could teach
me to be completely professional, no screw ups etc... It didn't take 
long to figure out Jonkers is just a bunch of improfessional loosers.

To give an example of the complete improfessionality:
At Jonkers worked a guy (Yes: worked. He just got fired last Wednesday.)
called Hans. Hans had been busy trying to repair an electronic typewriter.
The thing wasn't able to hit the right characters anymore... for example
if you would hit the "a"-key it would produce a completely different 
character on paper.

He had been busy all day trying to repair it... The next day, Hans gave
me some tasks which I completed very quickly... I asked him if he had 
something to do for me... It came as a complete shock to him that I was 
ready that soon.... So he said to me:" You can always take a look at the 
electronic typewriter, although my hopes are not very high that we can 
repair the bloody thing..." (Well he didn't actually say it in so many 
words, but it gives a good impression of what he thought at that time..)

I had repaired the thing within 15 minutes... I just thought by myself,
how would K.G.E. handle this. So I exactly located the problem, and 
repaired it...

I showed Hans that the typewriter was ready... At this point he told me
that he would handle it from here, and he would tell that he had repaired 
the typewriter... I told him I didn't care but it changed my point of few 
completely....

This was just one of the many incidents at Jonkers... But they made it up
to me for a bit... I now have got a second hand 150 MB SCSI Harddrive
working at my Atari... They wanted to throw it away... I told them if 
it was allright with them that I would take it with me, and break it
down at home... 

I went straight to K.G.E. We tested the thing at one of his TTs, and
concluded that the thing was just fine. After some problems with the
SCSI-parity it also works fine on my Mega...

But now for the reason I was writing this text: I had made some money
during this year... It also was enough to buy a Pentium 60 at ESCOM...
So I did, I bought a Pentium 60...

During the last two weeks, I have been installing DOS 6.22 three times, 
OS/2 two times, and windows also twice... AND IT STILL SUCKS... I now 
have no OS/2 on my system, and DOS and Windows suck... The only thing 
good about the PC are the games, but I'm already bored of them...

Yours truly,


.o0 O.T.M. of the D.B.A. 0o.
  
~RED_GREN.PAL~