MAGGIE REALTIME ARTICLE 3
~SPECIAL1.FIL~

While you consider that question, here's another philosophical
thought. The world's governments are (apparently) fighting global
warming by reducing the levels of pollution. Mother nature has
decided to fight it her own way by reducing male fertility, removing
the pollutors!! Gosh! I frighten myself sometimes, I really do. It
must be the heat.

Things seem to be picking up a bit again. The noise of converstion is
filling the room, people are playing Team again, and Chris is trying
out his new CD-ROM on one of the Falcons in the room. I'll go over
and have a look myself.

Well I drew on TEAM, but what is really bugging me is: Where is Tommy
of Avena?

It's Liverpool 1  Sheffield Wednesday 0...Stan the Man!!!
Who the fuck are Man United?!  Villa 3 United 1!!!
Leicester City 2 Stoke City 3 (Leicester were robbed !) 

Mike: Chris' new toy seems to be working. He is currently working his
way through a few CDs. That should keep him busy for a while.

[tAt] The Clarets hold Stockport to a 0-0 draw in the glamour tie of
the day. All smiles in the Burnley team, shame about Man Utd eh? No?

[Felice] Unfortunately, I'm one of those few people who are
uninterested in football ... but what the heck, I don't think many
people are listening to it anyway.

Just been looking at the CD-ROMs that we can now use .. first one
happens to be, yes, it is a porno one called 'Hot Licks' or
something.  According to RiCH it's a massive pile of zipfiles that
unpack to a fair size.  The second one happens to be Michael
Burkley's compilation of his US PD library .. some comments have been
made that it is slightly out of date as far as the demos go BUT a
good plus point is that everything can be run from the CD.
Well, almost everything, anyway....

I've been talking to Dave & Mark for a bit now .. and they told me
about Mercury's new deal on cheaper phone calls .. even cheaper than
BT rates (even though they are now OK).  Maybe I'll check it out
soon.

Question: Where is Mark of POV?  I thought he was coming?

Where is Michael Schussler?  With porno CDs circulating, I'm
surprized he's not left Germany and come running...

When will the TEAM league end?  And who will win?

Mike: It's 6:00pm!!!

and?

Somebody SLAUGHTER David Mellor.

Davud Mellor is the football fans' friend.

What about the football fans' enemies...?  Kill all y'all!

"Tat's tunnels are twice the speed of ordinary big box tunnels...
and they actually work out cheaper than shop's own brands."

VoGue...

...Back on the keyz at last, after what seemed like ages. I've
compiling Maggie 18, ZIPping it, and copying it around to people at
the party. Now RiCH is hogging the CD-Rom, copying megs and megs onto
his hard disk. Someone else has come along, called Gareth. He has
some other CD's, so I might do some copying......

There are lots of good GIF pictures on this Hot sound and vision two
CD. There's also lots of crap. But that's just the way it goes, eh???

Mike: It's now 6:54pm and the room we're in has returned to a much
more comfortable temperature, i.e. it's not as hot as the surface of
the sun anymore, thank god.

7:00PM ...er well, that's about it really.  Tat's demo effects are
coming along quite nicely, but I won't say what they are incase it's
classified inf. which it is likely to be as he wants to beat eKo.,
which although within the realms of possibility, could be a Tat
difficult....

VoGue...

We are playing stardust of the 1040STE next to me. I've seen it
before, so I won't bother playing it....



Why does Stardust seem remarkably similar to Astroidia?

Say cheese

And why does Astroidia seem remarkably similar to Astroids?...
Could there be an uncanny link?

Newsflash!!  Phone for CIH! Could it be James?  Is he in England?

In England ???  James ???  He has the Power to go anywhere (except
where he's supposed to be).

Well, It appears that James is no longer coming to the Maggie party.
At half past seven he's still in Taunton where he was at lunchtime...

CiH:- James has managed to remain stuck in Taunton.. He would still
like to try to come here, but having spoke to him, I convinced him (I
hope) that he is better off NOT trying.. There is no way that he
would get there before midnight, on Monday, in September, next year..

The plain fact is that James has totally lost his bearings, along
with his marbles and the power to get here in one piece...Vogue

CiH - The time is 7.45pm, or 7.51pm if you choose to believe RiCH's
PC system clock, the atmosphere is holding well, people are occupied,
able to breath and move again, and from outside the room, several
signs of life stir in the hotel at large.. Several bison roam across
the plain, the finished Falcon Maggie looms ever nearer, apart from
the fact that it seems to perform slightly differently on one
individual's hard drive (Hi Kev!)

Will Leon ever take off that overlarge baseball cap that makes him
look ten years old? Will Mike Noyce un-engross himself with Stardust?
All these and other questions remain a mystery..

I think the little matter of a three hour STOS game competition has
arisen! Development time!!

Mike: I have indeed dragged myself away from Stardust. Better let
someone else have a go - some of them need the practice. ;-) Not that
I'm that good.

[Felice] So far, the new Maggie shell seems to work without any
problems! - and yes, you can believe that.  Put it this way, if a
program (any program on any system) is bugged, I'm going to find it.
Why the fuck these massive companies who design and sell shit
software get away with it so easily??  This seems to be a problem
only confined to the UK.  As Nirvana said, nevermind......

[RiCH] Who the fuck wrote the above bit of shit???

CiH has told me that it is my turn to take Ralph back to Syresham ..
he'll come with us to make sure that we don't get lost.  Unlike a
certain editor of POWER, I don't think we can!!!!

Question: Where the hell is Mark of POV? He was supposed to be here!

Like a lot of people who said they would.  Again, as Nirvana said,
nevermind...

However, it's no big tragedy.......that quote came from 'Dream A
Little Dream' from Vestron or First Independent....

Mike: "Anyone can navigate if he can tell his arse from his elbow." -
Blackadder Goes Forth quote in reference to a certain person.

RiCH - Does ANYONE know just what the hell Dream a Little Dream is
all about?  Sounds a bit shit to me... like Mystic Pizza... with no
pizza or mystic stuff probably... ho hum....

CiH:- I don't think James has got that far in his basic bodyparts
recognition classes though! "Erm,let me see, the hip bone's connected
to the ear bone - Oh bugger, I'm lost!"

We're going to have to get Leon and co. on here a bit later, they've
not been seen lately (disapproving tuts..)

VoGue...

RiCH is getting into his 3-hour stos game (8.45pm) and it's called
'Sim Maggie'. More about that when it's finished later on tonite...

Leon is still slaving away over the Maggie shell, while Kev and
Ripley are having a chat about Pamela Anderson. Tat has just come
back after taking a slash...

I would take this laptop around the room, but the batteries are
running low so I best stay by the plug and let it charge up...

After CIH has ran a few people home, and Rich has finished the game,
we'll finish up here at the hotel. We'll take one or two computers
back to CIH's flat so we don't get bored during the night. I very
much doubt we'll get any sleep at all!!!

Man, boredom club starts here!!! There's not really much going on at
all here at the moment... I guess I should walk around and see if
ANYONE is doing anything interesting... It's because there aren't
many people here. A certain guy with the initials JLM is lost in
Taunton, POV haven't turned up ... and nor has anyone else really.
The odd few insignificant peoples have passed through during the
afternoon, but apart from that, there's been no-one really
interesting expect the people included in this article ..

I wish Kev would turn either the brightness or contrast on his hair
down... It's blinding me shiteless!!!

Good mother...  Leon has taken his childish hat off.. I don't believe
it. Maybe all that coding is doing his head in?....

Time check 9.16pm..  Rich's game is coming on nicely. Still plenty of
time... We don't get chucked out until 11.00pm.

While Felice is away, his video camera along with offending video of
today have appeard and CIH is attempting to digitise some pictures.

BIG QUESTION OF THE NIGHT
-------------------------

Take it away, CIH.....

          "Do bears shit in the woods?"






Help! We're being shot!!

Why do people always tap their feet to crap music?

Why is there crap music?

Let's be philisophical...

Let's not actually.

We're being shot again!!!
There's no blood...yet.

Oh NO!! It's Y. M. C. Fuckin' A.!

Mike: OH NO!!! I've been imortalized on video!!!!

Gareth logs on!!Question: Where is pixie of Wellingborough Computer
Club Fame ?, also has he still got the same orange tee-shirt on as he
had last time I meet him in 1992 !?

CiH:- I don't know, and I'm not too bothered about him.. I think that
he is still very short and somewhat challenged in the wit and
interest department.. Nothing changes there really..

Gareth:- Still no sign of Felice from his trip to Northampton, lets
hope his navigation skills are of a better quality than James "some
where lost in Taunton'ish" Matthews.

Mike: Bong! Bong! Bong! It's now 10:09pm!! Almost time to move on to
another venue, i.e. Chris' flat.

Gareth:- Question to Felice(to be answered on his return from the far
flung reaches of Northampton), What did happened to the follow up of
that highly rated demo you coded called "Bud The Chud" ?

Wow.. either this coke is spiked or the contrast on this LCD just
melted through my eyes and back... hmmmm lets go play vampire
somewhere warm and cosy.  These guys keep walking in and having a
look at all the computers and stuff in here.. they look odd.  There
are lots of people doing the Twist in the other room, it reminds me
of a hundred and one wedding receptions I've been hauled to over the
years [RiCH]

Where's Felice?  I want to get him drunk and video him dancing.

RiCH - We've had a minor set-back in that we've lost a bit of text
during transit from the hotel to this flat.  Oh well, life goes on,
it wasn't very interesting stuff anyway *he he he*  Chris is busy
fiddling with his Falcon and everyone else is sat around looking very
tired and worn out and soon to be hot and bothered.  I'm sleeping in
the bath.  Oh yeah there was a nice argument about who is the best
band/style of music so here is my contribution.... personal fav's
include FSOL, F242, Front Line Assembly, NIN, PWEI, Therapy? Tori
Amos, Kate Bush, Amy Grant, Utah Saints and more.

Oh yes - CIH's monitor has died.. the first hardware casualty of the
evening, the poor little Philips has buggered up.  We are replacing
it with a SVGA, ain't this fun?  Makes us look like conventional PC
owners with all these SCSI hard drives, CD-Roms and SVGA's laying
around.  Icky Icky Icky.

Where's the birthday cake?  *grin*

Ok someone else take over this crap.

Vogue... Can't you handle the pressure RiCH??
Now the Falcon's up 'n running, Leon (surprise, surprise) is first
on, so I'll just sit back and type on this thing forever...
RiCH is earnistly looking through CIH's diskette package-box-thing.
We are discussing the dodgyness of hard drives. CIH's internal IDE
wins as it often fails to boot at all :)

Kev's Falcon is replacing CIH's now as CIH doesn't have devpac
available on the internal drive like Kev does. When it comes to
debugging the Maggie shell, Devpac can be usefull..

Silence has now entered the room as Leon is plugging and unplugging
cables.
We have to sort out what time we're all going home.. Me and RiCH are
being annoying and going at 8.55am, so Cih has to get up aswell to
give us a lift to the bus station..

[Felice] In answer to your question RiCH, Dream A Little Dream is one
hell of a movie that you ought to see sometime.  It's a pity I didn't
bring it round with me to the party .... like a lot of people you
would have drooled over certain people involved in the movie but not
much more ... unlike me, who has received from Meredith's agent
notification of her next movie.

No Gareth, 'Bud The Chud' sequel is not ready yet .... but the movie
sequel arrived on my desk during last week, so, once I get it seen,
who knows?

Everyone is wondering what to write about in the scrolltext for the
new shell version of Maggie.  Names like STOSSER come to mind, I
think.

Gareth is reading in depth what looks like a copy of NME .. I haven't
read one of those for years.   Now the infamous name of Vic Wright
from ye olde and lamented ST Handbook has been mentioned .. something
to do with finances being slightly out of sync with reality.

When dreams are this real, who needs reality???? (Another quote from
Dream A Little Dream)

I also hear the sad news that Caspian has gone bust .. it seems that
Ralph did not tell anyone else about that.

Gareth has just slumped down on the carpet with a loud fart. 
Methinks he wins the prize for 'loudest yawner at a party'

Gareth has now just awoken.

Vogue is about to finish his part of the scrolltext .. and Mike Noyce
is sitting quietly .. at least he was, he's just spoken for the first
time since we arrived in Chris's flat.

Rich Karsmakers has not minded the fact that I altered one of his
original articles .. now he has asked for permission to include it in
ST News.  Sure, Rich, you can, but I thought you were going to
interview me as well? (HINT HINT)
-------------------------------------------------------------------
ED-  WHAT are you babbling on about here?!?!?  Since when has  the 
mighty  Richard K.  needed to get permission to use one of his own 
articles from you!?!?
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Vogue has just beaten Kev to the loo - and there are some amazingly
loud farting noises coming from that part of the flat .. now Kev is
in and ready to roll.

Vogue looks calm, he must have had a good dump....methinks

Leon has just tried to assemble the scrolltext - and it has failed on
a line.  Like the old Delta Force code, if an apostrophe is missing
Devpac 3 will find it!!!!

We're watching Tat's intro for Maggie 18 now . even though I've seen
it a few times it is still enjoyable to watch, like Meredith Salenger
in fact!

Kev is now out of the toilet ... who's next?

Tat?

Gareth reckons Donkey Kong Country on SNES is good.

Phone rings

---ED- A Richard Karsmakers speaks to the gathering awhile..----
~RED_GREN.PAL~
