MAGGIE REALTIME ARTICLE 2
~SPECIAL1.FIL~
Fucking hell!! We've all just been woken up at 7:49am by workers
digging up the road just outside of the window...  It's so darn loud.

Bloody Mother of God.. WHAT THE HELL IS THAT NOISE?  It's like having
a drill hammer slammed through your ears and shaken around a bit. 
Err its morning now, least I think it is.. there hasn't really been a
night so its hard to comment.  My clock tells me its 8.00am exactly,
this is RiCH here, very tired still and gonna go nuts at the complete
and utter wall of noise behind me in the construction sight!!!
Doesn't everyone look shagged out in the morning?  (Tat, Leon :)
There are murmurs of protest from one of the sleeping bags on the
room as Chris tries to cross to the kitchen carrying a load of coffee
mugs, hey, this is high life! [RiCH]

VoGue...

We are now making computing history this morning by having a Falcon
running with an internal HD and two external HD's, totalling over 1.5
gig! We have calculated that you can fit the whole 48k Spectrum RAM
into that 31,250 times!!!

[Time Check: 9:00am 19.8.95]

In a few minutes we'll be going over the road to the hotel room. I'll
talk to you when we get there!!!!

[Time Check: 9.44am]

We are now in the hotel room. None of the others have arrived yet.
I've set up an STfm, so we are looking at Blood by Holocaust...

The hotel staff are regarding us with confused expressions as beeps
emanate from behind the closed door....

If i hear the phrase 'VJ-Day' again I will scream - on current
estimates, it has been uttered approx 1,623 times already today
because we left the radio on while we were sleeping.

Mr Pink/RG : After a pretty sleepless night we have arrived at the
hotel. The new Maggie shell now runs on TOS 4.01 but flickers
horribly when I init the videl. People around me are setting up STs
and I have seen some ST demos by Holocaust for the first time. Cool
stuff. We are currently trying to find a way to interface the coffee
perculator with the Falcon.

CiH - The Avena Fried Bits Demo is running - Tat is scared, Tat has
now left the room.. The time is 10.05am.. By the way, I'm perfectly
fine thanks.. I can report that we have a 99.99% complete ST version
of Maggie, just the README file left to do now, as soon as I can get
these lazy sods sorted out!

CiH - 10.30am now, and still this text has not progressed any
further, this may be related to the amounts of activity going on
around various machines, mostly constructive, and also Vogue (John)
sitting next to me at the moment.. 

The one problem we have hit is a distinct lack of kettle leads, er,
power cables, Richard (Felice) has been sent to get some more..

VoGue...

Now CIH is doing the finishing touches on Maggie 18 ST version. We
just had to dig out an STfm to save the med-res desktop. Chris is
just typing the read.me and then it will be finitoed...

RiCH - Isn't it amusing how we all cap our names?  I mean just look
at this doc file.. VoGue, CiH, RiCH !!!  Can't we type or something?
Mavis Beacon would turn in her grave if she read this :)  

SPIN in her grave matey! - CiH

Shouldn't that be 'Do the highland fling in her grave'? - VoGue

Hello!  Tronic here!  Just to tell you that I've got a PC and won't
ever be using my skills on Maggie everagain!!! HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!

We've just developed the PC-portable plasma (or as a Mac user would
say, the PcPortableMacPlasma - one hand wiggles the contrast control
while the other hand draws trails on the screen - and it's free!
(apart from the price of the batteries) Oh, grub's up as well, the
bar's has opened at 11am which can't be bad?

RiCH - Some more geezers have turned up but no-one knows who they
are, perhaps gate crashers?  I doubt it though, the more the merrier
I say.  Ummm this little laptop is probably the one machine thats
going to get the most use over this entire Atari convention.. ironic
huh?!  It's a Commodore Laptop too, insane huh?  Makes you wanna cry
out traitor at the top of your voice *grin*  Hey I read the book The
Day of the Triffids the other day... superb reading, I recommend it.
Ok bets on as to who will add a bit to this article next... my money
goes on it being VoGue, but now he's seen this he'll probably wait
until someone else kicks something out.  Oh yeah we have a Jaguar,
loads of JagPads, lots of games and... no bloody power lead for it.
Shit, I really wanted to play Iron Soldier too, oh well.  We have a
Lynx power lead... ummm but no Lynx.  Going well huh?  :)  We also
have hard drive overload... I reckon (in true Edge DataFeed style)
that we have about 4 Gig worth of hard drive space already and this
gets increased as we go along.  Time for some massive SCSI chaining..
yeah... software city!  VoGue is scanning through Tronics PD listing,
it looks kinda nice but about the same as any other PD listing run by
a demo freak.  Ho hum, err I'm leaving this now... someone else come
and have a fiddle.. go on, feel my keys, press them in a state of
pure eroticism, delve into their firm softness and warmness now the
fingers of a thousand scantily clad females have danced over them.
Go on.. you know you want to :)

No thanks.

Poor Tat, he just had a beautifully syuncronized death in Super
Starioland.  He's gone to sob...

We've just had an amazing call from James, for some reason he's
managed to get the wrong coach and doesn't know where in the country
he is!!!!!!  Another prob is that Chris has gone to meet him at
Northampton Station, thinking that he will be in soon.  What will
happen now, I wonder??

[Tat] James has discovered his own whereabouts and phoned again.

He's in Somerset.

Yes, you did read that correctly. Somerset. He intends to take a taxi
to Taunton. Hopefully he'll down some cider to calm his nerves (not
making sweeping generalizations about large areas of this country,
honest)

[RiCH] James.. you plonker!!!

What a twozzock that kid is??!!! - VoGue

Where is CIH?

Either in the bathroom or at the bus station. Or maybe his nuts
exploded and he's in casualty.....? - VoGue

Has he been abducted by Amiga/PC/Mac owners?  To be subjected to
several varied methods of torture?  Will we ever know?

Perhaps the Amiga owners are showing him their brilliant operating
system??

Help!  We have a traitor in our midst...

Who?? Is it Tat?? I hear he likes little boys and girls...

[Tat] Yes, a little salt and pepper and a sharp knife, they taste
lovely

move.b (  )+,d1

(donkey kong bug)

????

Man, that Leon's off his trolley...    VoGue

He's just a coder!

I know... Sad isn't it... Don't worry, they might find a cure for
coding one day..  VoGue

move.l theres_no_cure_for_coding(pc,d0.l*8),vogue

How about execution???
They could gas you all at the same time...

Lost Blubb strikes back.... all are watching this monitor with Lazers
'master piece' running on it (again).  The two STE owners are quite
impressed, but we've all seen it so often we know the demo inside out
so its kind of lost its effect, bloody good though.  Felice's
speakers sound shagged from here.  Where the heck is CIH?  He's been
gone for ages!  He was only supposed to go to the train station!  It
can't have taken him THAT long to figure out James had cocked up and
wasn't on the train that arrived like an hour ago.  Oh well, live and
let live and all that.  Bye bye fly.  [RiCH]

In spite of my speakers sounding a little shitty, it is still an
impressive demo ..... apart from it playing there was complete
silence in the room! (Felice)

CiH, It is now 1.00pm..

CiH finally back- I love wasted journeys, I'm having a realtime
gibbering fit having got back from all too sunny Northampton
Jamesless! Bugger bugger bugger!!!

I'm somewhat amused to hear about HOW he cocked up though.. Fancy
ending up in Zummerset, and this boy wants to be a software
publishing multi-tedia baron by the time he's twenty-five!!

Mike Noyce at the keyboard!! Wow! I never thought I'd be doing
something like this when I was reading the real-time articles in ST
NEWS (hi Richard!!) all those years ago.

I've been here a while now. I've met Chris, who picked me up from
Wellingborough Station and Richard (Felice). I've had a look at
Maggie 18 and the new Falcon shell - very impressive. Kev Davies, you
better get that RAM upgrade for your Falcon or *the* photo will be
submitted for the next issue - Blackmail!!

More from me later. Ta-ta. [Mike]

[Felice] It's 1.35 pm now, and I'm starting to feel hungry so I think
I'll order some food soon.  A lot of the people here have been
gorging on sausage and chips ... but whether I will order any is a
different matter.  No, I'm not skint, don't worry about that!

Mike Noyce is sitting to the side of me now reading thru Maggie 18 -
and he appears to be enjoying it!  Apart from saying a few minutes
ago that he wanted a Falcon after seeing the Lost Blubb demo - and a
little moan about being a poor student and all that he's fairly
quiet.

It's amazing just how everything is going here .. after the police
activity last night Rushden is quiet.  The reason for the holdup was
that there was a fatal accident involving a boy racer in an XR3i and
a 6 year old kid who just happened to be crossing at a pelican on
Rushden's unofficial 'race track'.

VoGue...

And now for a mid-party report....

[Felice] Well, I've had my chicken nuggets and chips now .. after
getting them back from a combination of Leon and CIH.  Never mind,
they still taste nice....

M-m-m-mike is back. I need fooooood! Let the food quest begin. [Mike]

Timecheck - 3.00pm - Cih back at the keys again, and we are in the
mid-afternoon 'slump zone' where not a lot happens.. Alright, a
fiercely fought 'Team' campaign is going on between Ralph 'I made
this game so I've got to be good at it' Lovesey, and Leon 'eat footy
games for mid-day repast' O'Reilly.. Leon has just won a match 3-0
which would show that at least Reservoir Gods have got the top
computer footy demon.. Can Ralph get the situation back in his
favour, or will it run completely out of his control.. Stay tuned
folks!!

John (Vogue) works on Dpaint on some graphics for an intro, RiCH
Davey seems to be using my Falcon to hit on Falcon STOS
incompatibility problems for his own strange amusement..

The two dudes who turned up are Ian Garbutt and Andy Rolfe who are
STE MIDI-Maze nuts, and have a taste for wargames.. A long campaign
is going in in their corner at this time.. Everyone else seems to be
watching the Team battle, or me doing this..

The 'Get a Life course' will be running from next week!! But
seriously,it is damp dishcloth sitting in an oven weather, much too
hot and humid, not the ideal day to be A:- Tired from too little
sleep,and B:- Sitting here sweating over a computer keyboard..  Not
as nice as it ought to be..

Some more arrivals should be with us for early evening, and hopefully
it will be a bit livelier all round.. Or die trying..

Mike here - it's getting hard to think of original intros to indicate
that I'm now typing - the beginnings of an inspiration block. I have
returned from my quest with enough junk food to see me through. Chris
is right about the weather. I was fairly cool until I went out into
the blazing sunlight. It's damn hot (and (s)we(a)t)!! I think an
ice-cold Coke would do nicely about now.

As Richard wrote earlier, I have read Maggie 18 more closely after my
initial browse. Pretty good, probably the best issue yet - creep,
creep. (I actually wrote this paragraph a while back, but it
disappeared?!) [Mike]

The Team match seems to be on hold, while everyone takes a break in
the heat, talking instead and sipping Coke and other beverages.

[Felice] Where is Mark of POV???

Also, where is a certain editor of POWER??? He rang from Taunton
about, uh, two, maybe three hours ago ... we've heard nothing from
him since.....Where are you James????
(quote courtesy of C4's 'The Big Breakfast')

There is football news on the radio right now, but no-one seems to be
talking about it ... maybe they're all bored.

Ian Garbutt and his mate - who were the STE owners that were very
impressed by the Lost Blubb demo - are now packing up .. they seem to
have enjoyed the party.  I've been showing Ian how to master AtariNOS
(Demon's Internet software for the Atari) as he'd been having some
problems.

Well, it's 3.45pm, considering that there was not much in the way of
sleep gained by too many people save me, no-one appears to have
dropped off yet ..... Even Tash is still awake.

We've missed ITV's The Chart Show ... from what I understood Weird Al
made a welcome re-appearance with his new song and video .. yes it
was 'Jurassic Park' which is hopefully on sale now here in the UK.

Another greet - this time to Ursula and Lutz Koch of the Tommy Lee
Jones Gazette .. who surprised me very much this past week with a
tape (that arrived on 17.8.95) containing a certain film starring the
girl I love called Meredith .. yes, that movie was called 'April
Morning'.  You'll see the review in this issue, as I will make a note
now to write it ASAP.

It's a travesty that this movie was not released on video ... it
really is a superb, atmospheric movie ... and check out the welcome
appearance of The Kiss's Nicholas Kilbertus (who played Meredith's
father in the hit horror movie).  Yes, the movie does remind me
slighly of Sharpe .. starring Sean Bean ... but he is not in it.
The people who are in it are (from Dream A Little Dream) Meredith
Salenger, Susan Blakely, & (from The Kiss) Vlasta Vrana, Nick
Kilbertus and some others.

Read more in the review!!!!!!

At the moment, CiH is currently looking at a preview version of
Skynet Times .. and I think he likes it.

Put it this way, I HOPE he does!!!

BTW, the Team contest has now resumed .. Leon looks like is trying to
drink either his first pint of Guinness, or that must be Coke he is
drinking.  He's also looking slightly dazed .. maybe a night without
sleep is starting to get to him.

Mike: I've just been reading Richard's copy of Atari World - the best
ST Mag!! There's a review of ST NEWS in there, which will please Mr.
Karsmakers, I'm sure. Though he might be less pleased with some of
the comments made. For example: "...Boringly GEM standard." and
"...not a single image is used...". I guess Richard will answer these
in the next issue, due later this year.

I've had a couple of ideas for things to appear in the next issue
(Already - shock, horror!?!) which I've mentioned to Chris. Whether
or not I actually get any of them done, before the deadline is
another matter entirely. Still, Chris proved quite effective when
nagging me over the last couple of weeks!!

[RiCH] - Bugger me backwards, its boiling hot.. I'm off for a coke!

Ahhhh... much better.. its œ1.60p for a pint of coke with ice, kinda
expensive, but nice and cold and in this heat quite frankly I don't
give!  I wonder where James has got too?  He's a nut case, quite
truly.  We have loads of software to show him and he should have
demos of his new games on his hard drive... BUT... he ain't here!!!
Doh!  What a plonker, how could he get the wrong coach?  He's mad,
truly!  I'd wonder what he's like when he's organised?  (actually I
doubt he ever is organised!).

Hmmm shouldn't we be ordering masses of pizza now or something?  We
are drinking lots of coke (and Irn Bru!  *spew*) but not a
traditional pizza in sight!  Whatever next?  *grin*  There's
something beautifully hypnotic about the way in which the bubbles
float to the top of the pint glass in a tumbler of coke.  The way
they bounce off the little ice cubs and richocet around the place,
cute!  Oh yeah, CiH's internal IDE drive on his Falcon doesn't boot
any more, I havn't had the heart to tell him this yet though so I'm
hoping he won't notice, or that when it cools down it'll be working
again.  It is a really tempremental drive, believe me, you can be
accessing a file on it one second then BOOM, it stops dead. 
Wonderful, just wonderful.  Well I've a packet of nice chocolate
biscuits and even some choccy rolls, but its too hot for them.

Hey I just read something on the computer next to me that said there
is a wealth of talent in .net magazine.  Ummmm really!!  Someone like
to tell me where?!  :)

RiCH over and out (for now) going to sip coke and bask in the warmth
of my monitor glow.  Good for your skin, UV protection factor 030 :)

VoGue...

Two other people have just walked in with a hard drive. I'll find out
who they are...
Sod it! I'll talk to those guys in a mo. At the mo, I'm packing all
of Maggie 18 ST Version into a ZIP file for easy copying...
Long wait........

CiH back on - It's Dave and Mark, just doing a 'flying visit' but
with a very welcome CD-ROM  drive for my Falcon.. We may hopefully
see them a bit later, say about 7 or 8 o'clock, if not, then never
mind.. Catch them later or something.. Least they did make the
effort..

Mike: Why the bloody 'ell do ice-cubes glue themselves to the bottom
of the glass when you are desperate to suck on them in order to cool
down?!

~RED_GREN.PAL~
