SECRET HISTORY OF THE UFO Part 2
~DUST.FIL~
[Beep Beep Beep Beep]

     The largest wave of UFO sightings occurred in 1965. From
coast to coast strange low flying flying objects were reported
almost nightly by people of all ages and walks of life. These
sketches compiled by a NICAP researcher represent a small sample
of hundreds of investigated cases in which truly unknown objects
were judged to have been involved. As the year progressed the
number of reports rose dramatically. On the night of August 2
thousands of people in 4 midwestern states witnessed spectacular
aerial displays by large formations of UFOs. That same night a
multicolored disc was photographed in Tulsa Oklahoma while
several persons watched it perform low altitude maneuvers. This
picture was extensively analyzed, pronounced authentic, and later
published by Life magazine and many newspapers.
     But the year's most incredible development was yet to come.
On the evening of November 9 hundreds of UFO sightings were
reported throughout the northeast. In New York State luminous
objects were seen hovering over 3 very significant locations.

     + A Niagara Falls power plant
     + A [Syracuse] relay station
     + and the heart of New York City

Within moments of the [Syracuse] sighting 9 northeastern states
and parts of Canada experienced the largest power failure in
history. Media accounts including those by NBC news, The
Associated Press, and some local papers openly reported the UFO
sightings and in a few cases suggested that they be investigated
as a possible cause of the blackout. However, before this
speculation could gain much momentum the Federal Power Commission
announced that the problem had been caused by a broken relay in a
Canadian power plant. This answer was accepted by the press and
public and the UFO angle was quickly forgotten. But, the official
explanation was untrue. Major [Keyhoe ?] reports that a private
investigation by the utilities industry later concluded that the
relay had NOT broken, but had been tripped by a huge,
unexplainable surge of power. The only major paper which
attempted to follow up on a possible UFO connection with the
outage was the Boston Record America. But the paper's editors
told a NICAP investigator that shortly after publishing this
account of the Niagara Falls sighting they had been called by an
Air Force officer at the Pentagon and severely reprimanded for
printing the story.
     In any event, the public at large remained unaware of the
presence of UFOs during the great northeast blackout.

[Beep Beep Beep Beep]
[My friend in reference to the beeping whispers:
 "I'm getting sleepy."]

     In 1966 and 67 UFOs were repeatedly sighted and tracked on
radar as they maneuvered near our Nuclear Missile installations
in 3 western states. Although these incidents were highly
classified NICAP soon learned of them through it's contacts
within the military. Public sightings meanwhile were making
headlines. In March 1966 dramatic UFO reports in Michigan
captured national attention and thereby threatened to undermine
the official coverup. Responding to this crisis, the Air Force
ordered it's civilian consultant Dr. J. Allen Hynek to hold a
press conference and carefully explain the sightings. Dr. Hynek
began by cautiously suggesting that at least some of the objects
may have been luminous balls of marsh gas [local audience
snicker] since a few of the UFOs had been seen over a swamp.
Without waiting for him to finish indignant reporters broke for
the phones to tell their papers what they considered to be One
Official Debunking Answer Too Many. Apparently their editors
agreed, because general press reaction was openly hostile and
cartoonists had a field day. [Big laugh at a comic where caveman
observer sees UFO/abduction and remarks: Whoa, the swamp gas sure
is restless tonight.] [Diddly beeping]
     A short time later in the face of mounting criticism from
the press, public, and congress.. Secretary of the Air Force
Gerald Brown appeared on Capitol Hill and insisted that there was
no evidence that the UFOs were interplanetary space craft.
     But while this raging controversy held the public's eye,
behind the scenes, the mystery itself was continuing to unfold.
In 1967 a Nebraska policeman had an encounter which was similar
to that of Betty and Barney Hill which also resulted in a
subsequent loss of memory. Later under time-regression hypnosis
Patrolman Herbert [Schurmer] fearfully relived a confrontation
with 3 alien beings who had emerged from a landed UFO.
[Creepy Astral Sweeping]
     ::According to the hypnotic transcripts one of the beings
apparently communicated with the trooper both verbally and
telepathically telling him that they were intentionally showing
off their craft and occasionally contacting individuals to slowly
prepare the world when they would reveal themselves completely.
The alien also said that people should have no fear of them
because their intentions are not hostile.::

[Beep beep Beep beep]

     In addition to hundreds of sightings researchers note that
there were over 50 cases involving reliable people who reported
being abducted by UFO occupants. While nearly all of these
incidents went unmentioned in the press one of them managed to
gain international attention.
     On October 11 in [Pasagoula] Mississippi two shipyard
workers, Charles Hickson and Calvin Parker told authorities that
an egg shaped UFO suddenly landed near them as they fished from a
pier. 3 silvery suited creatures then floated from the craft and
carried the terrified men aboard where they were given medical
examinations. After several minutes they were released and the
UFO rapidly departed.
     "You just cant make people believe", Hickson was later
quoted as saying. "But they better wake up and start believing.
We are not alone and that's all there is to it."
[Scary sound]

[Beep Beep]

In 1975 there occurred a second rash of sightings at our nuclear
related military facilities. Over a two week period UFOs
maneuvered near missile sights and bomber bases in Montana,
Michigan, and Maine. As with similar incidents in the mid 60s all
of these sightings were classified and the public and the press
remain, for the moment, unaware of their existence.

[Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep]

In the fall of 1978 a large international wave of sightings
suddenly erupted. The most dramatic of these occurred near New
Zealand and involved an airborne television crew who filmed a UFO
that flew alongside their plane for several minutes. This object
and 4 others were also tracked on radar. Then in December,
several UFO related Defense Department records were secured
through a freedom of information suit brought against the
government by various research groups. Among other things, the
records detailed the classified missile and bomber base sightings
which had occurred in 1975. According to the Washington Post the
documents described the UFOs as brightly lighted, fast-moving
vehicles that hovered over nuclear weapons storage areas and
evaded all pursuit efforts.

[Beep Beep Beep]

In 1982 the Supreme Court refused to hear a case in which a
research group called Citizens Against UFO Secrecy had sued the
National Security Agency in effort to obtain its classified UFO
documents. In a lower court The Agency admitted that it had over
150 UFO related files but refused to release them claiming it's
intelligence gathering methods and the National Security of the
United States would be jeopardized if the documents were made
public. The Federal Judge hearing the case ruled in the NSAs
favor. Eventually heavily censored copies of the documents were
released. Although these revealed virtually nothing this episode
nevertheless illustrated the US Governments repeated use of the
National Security laws to withhold information about UFOs from
the public. 
[Audience awwws as a page of a document is shown which has been
completely blacked out except for outline markers themselves:
     c) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
        XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
        XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
     d) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
         XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX... etc..]

[Beep beep Beep Beep]

In 1985 two former Air Force officers, Lieutenant Robert M.
Jacobs and Major Florenz L. [Mansmen], publicly disclosed their
involvement in a highly classified incident that had occurred
over 20 years earlier. Jacobs revealed that an Air Force missile
test launched on September 15 1964 from [Vandenburg] Air Force
base in California had a bizarre encounter with a UFO high over
the Pacific Ocean. The former lieutenant was in charge of a
photographic team that was filming the launch through a high
powered radar guided telescope. Both Jacobs and his superior,
Major [Mansmen], confirmed that when the film of the test was
examined it revealed that the missile dummy nuclear warhead had
been approached by a disc shaped object as it raced down the
range towards it's target. The former Major has stated that
analysis of the film demonstrated that the UFO was a classic
disc. The center seemed to be a raised bubble. The entire lower
saucer shape was glowing and rotating slowly. Said [Mansmen],
"The assumption was that it was extraterrestrial." 
     Analyzing the film frame by frame an Air Force team was
amazed to find that the UFO began to pace the dummy warhead.
Abruptly, 4 beams of light flashed from the disc in rapid
succession. Seconds later, the warhead began to tumble and soon
fell into the Pacific Ocean hundreds of miles short of it's
target. According to Major [Mansmen] the film of this UFO
incident was quickly confiscated by the CIA and everyone with
knowledge of it was sworn to secrecy.

[Beep Beep Beep]

     In 1990, the findings of an important UFO study were
published. Researchers Kevin Randall and Don [Schmidt] had spent
3 years investigating the so-called Roswell Incident. This case
involved the secret recovery of a large quantity of very strange
wreckage by the Army Air Force in July 1947 in a remote part of
New Mexico. At first, the military issued a press release stating
that a crashed flying disc had been recovered. Shortly
thereafter,  however, the chief of the 8th Air Force held a press
conference and claimed that the supposed flying saucer was only a
downed weather balloon. But that explanation contradicts the
testimony of former Colonel Jesse A. Marcel who was the first
military man to arrive at the crash site. Marcel stated that the
debris which was strewn over an area 3 quarters of a mile long
was metallic and extremely light weight, but could not be cut or
dented.. and when bent quickly returned to it's original shape.
     Researchers Randall and [Schmidt] tracked down other eye-
witnesses who stated that 50 to 60 uniformed men spent nearly 3
days combing the crash site trying to retrieve every last piece
of wreckage. It was also learned from retired military sources
that 7 secret Air Force flights took the debris and a large
mysterious crate to various destinations immediately after the
recovery operation. In all, over 200 persons have provided
testimony that contradict the official weather balloon
explanation. One of these, Retired Colonel Thomas [DuBoughes ??]
who was General [Reighmes ?] agitant in 1947 now flatly states
that the weather balloon announcement was a cover story designed
to deflate media interest in the crash.
     And so we must ask, Did a flying saucer crash in New Mexico
in 1947? The quest for the facts continues. Finally, it must be
noted that 6 witnesses connected with the Roswell incidents have
stated that they had seen the bodies of dead alien beings that
were recovered from the wreckage.

[Astral Groove]   

END OF SLIDE PRESENTATION

[Audience Bustling after the Slide Show]

HASTINGS: Ok, i'd like to begin this portion of the program not
with a document, but rather a news count. And..
U.S. News and World Report is considered by most people to be a
fairly conservative, relatively respectable news weekly. Every
issue contains a feature called 'Washington Whispers' in which a
variety of subjects are covered very briefly based on information
in the hand's of this magazine's reporters and yet at time of
publication have not received widespread attention.

Next slide please; its on the center one Paul.

In the spring of 1977 shortly after the Carter administration
came to office, U.S. News made the prediction that before the
year was out someone in the new administration, perhaps President
Carter himself, would release information on UFOs to the public.
Information this magazine chose to characterize as 'unsettling
disclosures'. Now this in fact never took place; there was no
official release of information on UFOs by the Carter regime.
However, at about the same time a number of documents began to
come forward, become available to the public, through the freedom
of information act. Those documents indicate that at least as
early as January of 1953 the group in our agent, uh, the group,
rather, in our government having overall responsibility for
coordinating UFO research is indeed the Central Intelligence
Agency. So in my opinion this prediction by U.S. News was dead-on
target.

Next Slide please.

As I indicated earlier. As I speak I would like to share with you
excerpts from some of the documents upon which this program is
based. I will be the first to admit that reading documents on a
screen is not terribly exciting, in and of itself, but ive made
some rather dramatic assertions in the course of the program and
I think its incumbent upon me to be able to document at least a
few of them in this program. Again, at the conclusion of the
program I will provide an address that will allow any one of you
to acquire up to 600 pages of these documents to read at your
leisure. I will state at this juncture that some of the
reproduction quality of the documents, in this case a CIA memo
from 1952, the legibility is rather marginal. Unfortunately, the
document appears exactly as it was released to researchers from
the agency and we cannot therefore improve upon the quality.
Most of what Im going to show you will be entirely legible. This
type of venue with a flat floor CD plan makes it difficult to
read type. If those of you who cant see clearly would like to
shift chairs thats fine by me.

In the next few minutes I will be presenting items relating to:
One(1), the takeover of the official policy of secrecy on UFOs by
        the CIA.
Two(2), documents relating to repeated UFO sightings decade after
        decade at nuclear weapons related facilities.
Three(3), a document from September of 1976 that, believe it or
          not, concerns nothing less than a blow by blow account
          of an aerial dogfight between a UFO and a F-4 Phantom 
          Aircraft. Copies of this particular document were sent
          to everyone from the White House to the Secretary of
          State and the highest levels of the U.S. government.
And Finally(4), a document that was sent to FBI director J. Edgar
Hoover in March of 1950 that states in black and white that the
U.S. government has secretly recovered crashed flying saucers.

-------
This internal CIA memorandum is from December of 1952. It was
written by one Dr. Marshal Chadwell who was the assistant
director of a component of the CIA called the Office of
Scientific Intelligence. This memo we're about to read was
directed to the then director of CIA, General Walter B. Smith.

Next slide please. 

Halfway down, this same page in paragraph 4.. We now know that
the then director was informed by Dr. Chadwell that during the
proceeding few months CIA had been apprised of, informed of,
numerous overflights by unknown aerial objects at some of this
nation's most sensitive research and development facilities,
specifically nuclear weapons related areas.

Picking up paragraph 4, third line down, quote:
:: At this time, the reports of incidents convince us
that must have immediate attention::

One sentence further along it states, quote:
:: Sightings of unexplained objects at great altitudes and
travelling at high speeds in the vicinity of major U.S. defense
installations are of such nature that they are not attributable
to natural phenomenon or known types of aerial vehicles::

SECRET HISTORY OF THE UFO  (Part 2 of 2)

Next slide please.

Consequently, this memo concludes with Dr. Chadwell recommending
that the Director of CIA approach the NSC, the National Security
Council with this matter.

Quote:
:: Attached hereto is a draft memorandum to the National Security
Council and a simple draft NSC directive establishing this matter
as a priority project throughout the intelligence and the defense
research and development community::

Next slide please.

The attached National Security Council directive itself invokes
at the top what is called the National Security Act of 1947 and
goes on to spell out how the CIA is to coordinate covert UFO
research with other agencies within the U.S. government. The
National Security Council by the way is made up of the President,
Vice President, Secretaries of State and Defense, Chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff and director of CIA. There is no group
higher in the United States government in terms of national
security policy formulation.

[Transcriber's note: Please note the next paragraph
 is one big honking mongoloid of a sentence.]

Now, ...very... dry....stuff.. Very bureaucratic.. The point is:
this document lays bare for the first time, decades later, for
public inspection, the fact that while the Pentagon through
official press releases and other announcements were dismissing
UFOs as hoaxes, hallucinations, misidentified man-made or natural
phenomenon year in and year out, in reality, behind the scenes,
the U.S. government was fully aware of and highly alarmed by
sightings of unknown aerial objects that flew higher, faster,
were more maneuverable than anything we had flying, anything our
intelligence agents said the Russians were flying.. these objects
could come and go at will through American air space and if that
were not enough from a National Security standpoint, we did not
know the intent of the uh.. persons flying, or beings flying
these whoever the pilots were.. if that were not enough the
government knew that at least as early as 1948 these objects
seemed to have a distinct interest in our nuclear weapons
facilities.

Next slide please.

------
I'd like to show you now two FBI memoranda from this period that
describe UFO sightings from my home state of New Mexico in a
little greater detail. 

This FBI memo is from January of 1949. It was directed to the
then director of CIA, er excuse me, FBI, J. Edgar Hoover. It was
authored by the special agent in charge of the San Antonio FBI
office. The subject of this memo is, quote:
:: PROTECTION OF VITAL INSTALLATIONS ::

I think the first paragraph is worth reading in its entirety,
quote:    [Hastings in parenthesis]
:: At recent weekly intelligence conferences of G2, :
(which was Army Intelligence) : ONI, : (that is, the office of
Naval Intelligence) : OSI, : (which is a counter intelligence
component of the Air Force to which my father belonged) : and FBI
in the 4th Army area, officers of G2 4th Army have discussed the
matter of unidentified aircraft or unidentified aerial
phenomenon; otherwise known as flying discs, flying saucers, and
balls of fire.: (the next sentence was underlined presumably for
emphasis) : This matter is considered top secret by intelligence
officers of both the Army and the Air Forces. ::

Next slide please.


