SECRET HISTORY OF THE UFO Part 1
~DUST.FIL~
This is a transcript of a lecture given by Robert Hastings
at Virginia Commonwealth University on November 17, 1994 
entitled 'Secret History of the UFO'

Transcribed by: Brooke E. Colquhoun 

----------

SPEAKER : ...committee for coming out tonight.  For many years
there has been speculation that the US Government knows far more
about UFOs than it has told the public. In 1967 Robert Hastings
was personally involved in a UFO sighting at an Air Force missile
base which remains classified to this day. This incident prompted
Mr. Hastings to begin collecting evidence of an official
government coverup on UFOs. He is here this evening to report on
his research and the work of other UFO investigators. Please
welcome Mr. Hastings.

[clap clap]

HASTINGS: Thank you. In March, 1967.. I was present at the
[Maumstrom] Air Force base Montana air traffic control tower when
5 unidentified aerial targets, as they are called, suddenly began
to be tracked on multiple radar scopes. I was not in the Air
Force myself, rather, I was a 16 year old Air Force brat and
an acquaintance of several of the air traffic controllers.
     On the night in question it was immediately apparent to
these gentlemen that the objects they were tracking on radar were
neither conventional aircraft nor helicopters. For approximately
a 30 minute period these aerial objects were observed on radar at
times to hover, at other times they performed high speed aerial
maneuvers. At one point during the radar tracking, two jets were
launched from [Maumstrom] Air Force base to attempt an intercept
of these objects whereupon they were observed on what is called
height-finder radar to ascend in unison at an extreme rate of
speed. Further, it was later determined for the better part of
this incident, these objects were maneuvering near nuclear
missile silos located southeast of the base at a location called
[Judith] basin. 
     Later in this program I will introduce documents obtained
from the United States Air Force that confirm that this type of
nuclear weapons related UFO incident was hardly unique, on the
contrary it has occurred on literally dozens of occasions over
the past three decades. This experience made a very deep
impression on me. By 1973 I began to actively interview former
and retired Air Force personnel regarding classified UFO
incidents. At approximately the same time I became aware of the
work of a group of researchers called NICAP; that is The National
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomenon. This was a
civilian UFO research group primarily active from the mid 1950s
through the 1970s. This organization had on its board of governors, 
over the years, such persons as Admiral [Roscoe Hillencoter] who was 
the first director of the CIA, Admiral [D.S. Farney] who was the Chief of
the Navy's first guided missile program and former U.S. Senator
Barry Goldwater; in short, not your average bunch of UFO kooks.
     
     Id like to read a very brief statement delivered at a 1962
NICAP press conference in Washington. The author of this
statement was Admiral [Roscoe Hillencoter] who, again, was the
first director of the CIA: Quote "I know that neither Russia nor
this country has anything even approaching such high speeds and
maneuvers. Behind the scenes high ranking officers are soberly
concerned about the UFOs, but through official secrecy and
ridicule many citizens are led to believe that the unknown flying
objects are nonsense." Endquote.

     By the mid 1970s NICAP and other researchers began to use
for the first time what is called the Freedom of Information Act
to obtain documents about UFOs from our government. Otherwise
known as F.O.I.A. or FOIA, the freedom of information act is a
federal law that allows Americans to petition most government
agencies for the release of classified materials on a variety of
subjects provided that the release of those documents to the
public domain does not jeopardize national security. In the past
two decades this legal approach has been used with mixed success.
As I speak there are now some 10,000 pages of previously
classified CIA, Air Force, FBI, and other intelligence agency
documents relating to UFOs finally in the public domain and
available to you. In a nutshell, what these documents indicate
beyond a reasonable doubt is that so-called flying saucers DO
INDEED EXIST, they are neither American nor Russian secret
weapons. And as you will see for yourself as the evening
progresses despite repeated denials to the public by the Pentagon
for the past 4 decades in effect denying the existence of UFOs;
in reality as the documents indicate, behind the scenes, the
highest levels of the U.S. military and intelligence community
not only fully accept their existence, they have in fact judged
UFOs to be a National Security matter for reasons that I think
will be obvious by the conclusion of this program.
     
     Now I would like to emphasize, I am not condemning any
government agency for it's participation in programs of secrecy
relating to the UFO phenomenon. Having said that however, my
honest and sincere opinion is that the public has a right and a
very definite need to know the facts. As such, this presentation
is designed to be a grass-roots public information program; it is
offered on a take it or leave it basis. I am not a missionary, I
am not seeking to convert skeptics to so-called believers, but
for those of you who find merit in the material I'll be
presenting, at the conclusion of the program I'll provide an
address to which any one of you can write, if you wish, and
secure up to 600 pages of these now declassified documents on
Ufos. In that way, you will first be able to judge to your
satisfaction that I have fairly and accurately portrayed their
contents; more to the point, you can educate yourself as to what
the U.S. governments true if covert response to UFOs has been for
the past 4 decades.
    
    The program begins with a 30 minute slide show that compares
and contrasts what we the public have been told by our government
on the subject, with what researchers can now demonstrate has
actually taken place in secrecy. It would not be an exaggeration
to say that the difference between the two is the difference
between day and night. In my slide show, there are numerous
depictions of flying saucers. I stress: unless the narrator notes
them to be photographs, they are on the other hand, for the most
part, simply drawings and illustrations designed to accompany the
narration. Also within my slide show I take a brief look at some
of the abduction experiences, that is, alleged abductions of
individuals by UFO occupants. This is perhaps the most
controversial aspect of an already controversial subject. I have
my own opinion about the better documented of these cases; my
opinion will be evident within the slide show. I will leave it,
however, for each of you to decide for yourself the nature, even
the reality, of these types of alleged experiences. 
    
    Following the slide show I will speak approximately 1 hour
and show documents upon which this program is based. They are
quite dramatic. There are things I think you need to read with
your own eyes. And finally, there will be a question and answer
session. 
    
    What you are about to see in here may seem like Science
Fiction or paranoid delusion or perhaps an elaborate practical
joke. I assure you its none of those things. I would only add
that the only ticket to admission here this evening is an open
mind.

SLIDE SHOW
----------
[Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep.]

NARRATOR:  On January 14, 1979 the New York Times reported that
the Central Intelligence Agency had been ordered by a federal
judge to release nearly a thousand pages of secret documents
about UFOs. This decision was the result of a freedom of
information lawsuit brought against the agency by Ground Saucer
Watch, a UFO research organization based in Phoenix, Arizona. In
an interview with the Times, the director of the group, William
Spalding, said that the documents revealed that "UFOs do exist.
They are real. The government has been totally untruthful and the
coverup is massive."
    
    Since the late 1940s, the American public has been told that
official interest in UFOs rested solely in the activities of
various Air Force investigations, such as the much publicized
Project Blue Book. When Blue Book formally ended in 1969 the
government claimed to have no further interest in the phenomenon.
However, the documents released by the CIA as well as those
obtained from other government agencies now reveal that
throughout the past and up to the present day; the entire U.S.
military and intelligence community has engaged in a high level
policy of secrecy regarding UFOs. And so, at long last, this
officially suppressed information can finally be brought to the
public's attention. 
     Here then, is the Hidden History of the UFO phenomenon
presented in the context of events already known to the public.

[Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep.]

     The first massive wave of UFO sightings in the United States
began in April, 1947. By early July, disc shaped flying saucers
have been reported in every state except Georgia and West
Virginia. According to eye witnesses, the objects travelled at
tremendous speeds, frequently stopped to hover, and at times
performed incredible maneuvers that would have destroyed any
conventional aircraft.
     
     In addition to widespread public sightings, many military
personnel observed the unknown objects flying near our most
secret research areas. Including experimental aircraft bases,
rocket test sights, and atomic weapons development centers. But
the facts surrounding all of these incidents remained highly
classified. And several years passed before NICAP investigators
learned of them through former military officers.
     To calm public concern in the wake of the many sightings
that had been reported, the Pentagon put out a press release
stating that the so-called flying saucers were only a combination
of:
     + Solar reflections on low hanging clouds
     + Small meteors that had broken up
and
     + flattened hailstones caused by icing conditions.

     However, shortly after these rather improbably explanations
were issued for public consumption, the then Army Air Force
secretly completed it's first and real analysis of the UFOs.
General Nathan F. [Twining], commander of the division
responsible for the investigation, summarized its findings in a
letter to the Pentagon which remained classified for over 20
years. 
     Briefly, the letter reports that:
:The phenomenon is something real and not visionary or
fictitious. There are objects approximating the shape of a disc,
some of which appear flat on bottom and domed on top. These
objects are as large as a man-made aircraft. And have a metallic
or light-reflecting surface. Further they exhibit extreme rates
of climb and maneuverability with no associated sound and take
action which must be considered evasive when contacted by
aircraft and radar.:  
     The summary also noted that several sightings have been made
of well-kept formation flights involving 3 to 9 objects. General
[Twining] concluded his letter by recommending that a full-scale
investigation of the UFOs be immediately undertaken. At the
Pentagon, Air Force Headquarters responded by initiating a secret
high priority study of the flying discs code-named Sign.

[Beep Beep Beep Beep]

     In February, 1948 Project Sign began an intensive 6 month
investigation of the UFOs. Initially it was suspected that the
Russians were developing captured German Jet Aircraft into new
highly superior secret weapons, but this was eventually ruled out
by our intelligence agents in Europe.
     On August 5, the project's officers sent their conclusions
about the unknown objects to Air force Headquarters in a report
known as :An Estimate of the Situation:. The situation was the
widespread sightings, the estimate was that the UFOs were
interplanetary space ships engaged in a systematic surveillance
of our world for some unknown purpose.

[Scary music]

This incredible conclusion has never been officially admitted by
The Air Force or any government agency, but the former chief of
Project Blue Book, Captain Edward [Rupelt] and two other officers
have confirmed Project Sign's findings to NICAP and other
researchers. According to Captain [Rupelt] the Air Force feared
that public disclosure of the interplanetary conclusion would
result in a massive national panic. Only 10 years before Orson
Wells' realistic radio play _War of the Worlds_ had caused
thousands of unsuspecting people to flee their homes in terror
believing that Martians had invaded and were destroying Earth
civilization.
     In view of this incident the Air Force felt that it had no
choice but to keep Project Sign's conclusions secret. A short
time later, headquarters issued a press release calling the UFOs
'hoaxes, hallucinations, and the mis-identification of known
objects.'

[Beep Beep Beep Beep]

     Another large wave of UFO sightings occurred in 1952. On
July 16 the United States Coast Guard officially released this
photograph taken by one of it's personnel of four luminous
objects which flew near a Salem, Massachusetts power plant. NICAP
has learned that the Air Force unsuccessfully attempted to halt
publication of this picture and was furious with the Coast Guard
Commander responsible for it's release. 3 days later on July, 19
several UFOs maneuvered above Washington, DC. and at one point
entered the highly restricted air space over the White House.
     F-94 interceptors were launched in pursuit, but were easily
outdistanced by the objects which according to radar reports
raced away at up to speeds of 7,000 miles per hour.
[Audience ohhhhs and ahhhhhs]
This widely publicized case and a nearly identical incident the
following week generated intense public curiosity and speculation
about the UFOs and this greatly worried the Air Force.
     On July 29 General John Sanford, head of intelligence, held
a press conference at the Pentagon and announced that the
Washington sightings were the result of an "atmospheric illusion
caused by a temperature inversion." But this attempt to explain
away the unexplainable did little to dampen public interest in
the phenomenon and a National fascination with flying saucers was
rapidly developing.

[Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep]

     Alarmed by the developments of the previous year the Central
Intelligence secretly took charge of UFO policy in 1953. On
January 18 a CIA sponsored group of scientists known as The
Robertson Panel issued a classified recommendation calling for
the debunking of the flying saucers in order to reduce public
interest in them. This was to be accomplished by planting
articles in magazines and arranging media programming which would
attempt to convince Americans that UFOs were either mis-
identified man-made objects or natural phenomenon. This
recommendation was approved and the secret debunking campaign has
been in effect ever since.
     Some months after the Robertson Panel met, the Air Force
quietly issued regulation 200-2 which established formal
procedures for reporting UFO sightings made by it's personnel and
further forbade the release of such information to the press or
public.
     As the year ended the Joint Chiefs of Staff issued a far
more comprehensive regulation on UFOs known as JANAP-146. This
secret order established a top priority communications channel
for all military pilots to use to report airborne UFO sightings.
Previous to this pilots had filed their reports once they had
landed. Now however, they were ordered to immediately transmit a
service report to the nearest Air Force Base which would allow
jets to be rapidly launched to intercept the objects. But JANAP-
146 did not apply to military pilots only. Because many
commercial pilots were also seeing UFOs a decision was made at
the Pentagon to impose the order on the airline companies. Some
years later that move was publicly protested by a group of
veteran pilots as noted in this news account wherein one called
the new policy "A lesson in lying, intrigue, and the Big Brother
attitude carried to the ultimate extreme." The airlines
themselves however agreed to comply with the order.
     Because JANAP-146 is covered by the espionage laws and
stipulates severe penalties for revealing UFO sightings, very few
pilots, military or commercial, have publicly reported their
airborne encounters. 
     Collectively the policy decisions of 1953 established a
program of official censorship and covert manipulation of public
opinion regarding UFOs. Throughout the 1950s this program
reinforced the already skeptical attitudes of most Americans who
believed the idea of alien spaceships was utter nonsense. But
unknown to the public an extremely important event was about to
take place. 

[Beep Beep Beep Beep]

     In the Fall of 1961 there occurred an incident involving
alleged contact with UFO occupants that would later gain
international recognition. Such stories had been heard before of
course. During the 1950s UFO cultists known as "Contactees"
openly claimed to be in communication with beings from other
worlds who are visiting Earth in their flying saucers. Not
surprisingly, nearly all of these claims proved to be hoaxes or
were made by mentally disturbed persons.
[Audience laughs.]
     But the Case of Betty and Barney Hill was different. Late
one September night the couple was driving a deserted stretch of
road in rural New Hampshire when they spotted a UFO approaching
their car. They then heard a beeping sound and immediately became
drowsy. [Beep Beep Beep Beep] Eventually they found themselves
several miles further down the road with no memory of having
driven there and had lost 2 hours they could not account for.
     Troubled by this strange experience the Hills finally
consulted a nationally known psychiatrist, Dr. Benjamin [Si??]
and agreed to undergo time-regression hypnosis. This is a memory
retrieval technique regularly used by doctors for therapeutic
purposes and by law-enforcement agencies to reconstruct crimes.
Under hypnosis, Betty and Barney vividly recall the events of the
missing two hours and later drew pictures of what had happened.
Slowly, and with mounting fear each of them relived a frightening
encounter with alien beings who took them from their car and led
them aboard the now landed UFO. They were then separated and
given lengthy medical examinations. Afterwards, one of the aliens
approached Betty and began to communicate with her in broken
English, she responded by asking the location of the Alien's
planet. At this, the being led her to a large star map which he
indicated showed their home base as well as other solar systems
that they had visited either to trade with or explore.
[Astral moaning music]
Finally, Betty was told that she and Barney would not remember
their experience. They were then led back to their car where they
watched the UFO rapidly depart.
     As fantastic as this story seems, many researchers now
consider it to be a genuine case of contact with beings who are
alien to this planet. One final note about this incident: In 1969
a radar report was obtained from [Peas ?] Air Force base which
indicates that a UFO was indeed tracked on the night, at the
time, and in the area where the Hills claimed have had their
close encounter.


