STAX of Lazer
~OMEGA.FIL~
(1) First I want to thank you for cooperating with my interview
    in spite of your busy school/work schedules. Like all interviews 
    we kick off with the old cliche question; who are you and what is
    your function in Lazer?
   
    Name: Peter Steinkellner
    Age: 22
    Hobbies: Music at all, Games (Video and sociable)
     
    Function in Lazer: Photon once said that my only function is to
                       drive him crazy. In fact I compose all tunes 
                       for our productions.


(2)The "Lost Blubb" demo features a superb soundtrack with the
   original voices of two women. How did you get them to cooperate and
   how long did the soundtrack take to create?

   Both women are very good professionell singers (one of them is
   my sister Katja) and it was no problem to get them to cooperate
   because they liked the idea of the demo (and my tune).
   On the whole it took me two weeks of working time to finish the
   tune. But I had to correct some notes and sequences all the time
   until the demo was finished. 


(3)Who is according to you the most talented musician on the Atari
   scene?

   I don't know all the musicians on the Atari scene but each one
   is very good in his style of music. Domm is very jazzy, Tommy 
   compose very good techno tunes, Ripguy has a very melodic brain,
   and so on .....;
   Personally I think that music is a matter of taste and 
   every person likes an other style of music. So if one don't
   like a tune the tune have not to be bad.  


(4)Were does your inspiration come from to compose new soundtracks?

   Generally my inspiration comes from new samples. Sometimes 
   when I'm bored I take some samples and try something new 
   and most of my tunes are composed around a sequence or a track
   created in this way.     


(5)Which tools do you use to create these marvelous modules? 

   Protracker to create the first melodies, to search for samples
   and to alter them.(if the tune is 4 voices I finish it with
   the Protracker);
   Octalyser for 8 voice tunes and to control the BPM (because the
   Protracker is sometimes incorrect with the BPM);
   Digital tracker to create samples and to play mods;


(6)I hear many musicians complaining about the lack of good composing
   software. Some coders might actually read this interview, what would
   you say to them? 

   Unfortunately each tracker has its problems because all of them
   aren't finished in a way.The octalyser has no sample edit 
   functions at all.The protracker doesn't play the BPM 
   periodically.The digital tracker can't play very short samples
   correct and isn't finished. As a musician you have to cope with
   all those problems. I know that is is very much work to 
   code a tracker on a whole but I'm sure each musician would be 
   very happy for a tracker whith no errors.


(7)As you may have heard; "Lost Blubb" was shown on American
   television in a show called "World of Demos." Some people saw this 
   show and where very impressed by your production. Was "Lost Blubb" 
   beside being fun to make also intended as a promotion demo(to get a 
   job)?

   Not for the moment but Lost Blubb is a good reputation.     
   Maybe for the future.      


(6)The Atari demo scene is by many regarded as relaxed and friendly.
   What are your experiences and what do you think of the PC scene?

   That's correct. During all Falcon parties I had much fun and
   met all those nice freaks again. It's like a big family.
   I don't know the PC scene yet, it might be O.K..


(7)I know that some questions are quite difficult, unlike most
   standard questions found in the average diskmagazine. So, I make
   things a bit easier. Could you react for me to a couple of words?

   Domm of Animal Mine:  good musician

   Digital Tracker:  brilliant sound quality but unfinished

   Beer:  don't like the taste, I prefer Wodka.

   Windows 95 and Microsoft:  PC standard

   Scavenger of Synergy:  funny guy



(8)Who are according to you the best groups (besides yours) on the Atari
   scene?

   EKO, Avena, .. ehh I forgot the other names. There are two or three 
   more. Oh my brain.


(9)Do you think that diskmagazines are contributing to a better scene 
   environment? Are they as useful to you as a "normal" paper-based 
   computer magazine or are they just a collection amusing text-files?

   Diskmags are a part of the scene. I don't read them very often at
   all; just some of the most interesting articles.     


(10)Are you taking reviews of your productions in a diskmagazine seriously?

    Yes, of course. Most of them are very critical.           


(11)I won't take much more of your precious time and conclude this interview 
    with one last question.  How do you see the future of Atari (taking the 
    MicroBox in account, see Maggie 18)?

    The Falcon will always be a machine for freaks and for sound studios.
    The Jaguar is Atari's first commercial and prospering product.
    There just too many bad and middle class games.
  

Thank you very much for allowing me to interview you. 
~LOTS.PAL~