T.W.A.T.S.
~SPECIAL1.FIL~
-----------------------------
The World According To Slimer           'Big boats often float on big
-----------------------------            debts'

MICROSOFT and WINDOWS 95

Microsoft did it again. This article is written on the day of the release of
Windows 95. I saw pictures on television of people storming the computer
shops. Some people payed weeks in advance just to be sure to get a copy. Billy
boy expects to sell over 30 million packages before the end of this year. This
will make the company ONE BILLION(!) dollars for this year alone!

The Microsoft monopoly has strengthened itself even more. Beside the actual
package the company also sells add-ons, a special mouse and other assorted
stuff. New software will be written, forcing you to update most of your old
programmes. Windows 95 also offers a direct link to a Microsoft Network!

I am getting a bit scared here.  This is going way out of control. Microsoft is 
not far from ruling the world. Do you think I'm over reacting?

The world is run by big corporations. Governments are not really the ones who
are in control of a country. A good example is a Dutch list of the most powerful
men in the Netherlands. This list was published in a Dutch magazine. It
mentioned nothing about politicians but only rich business men. People like the
chairman of the Dutch bank, Philips and others. All these people "run"
companies and companies nowadays are run by computers. Some companies go
bankrupt if their computer systems would go down for only three or four
days. A solution was created in the Netherlands by building a bunker full 
with modern computers and communication systems. Companies who get in trouble 
can move to this special bunker and continue their work! I think that I made 
clear now how important computers are to the world.

Guess, who's controlling the computers? Yes, Bill boy and his merry men at
Microsoft. You want to stay up to date, buy Windows! You want to purchase
new programmes, buy Windows and the programmes from Microsoft. You
want communication, buy Windows and go on the Microsoft network. If you
don't, you will not stay up to date! Not staying up to date is being or 
becoming part of the lower social class in society.

If you're a small software development company and accidently use a wrong 
routine patented by Microsoft, you are likely to be eaten alive! If you're 
a small company developing a superior software programme, you are likely to 
be bought out. Ther is one thing that I fear most, what if Microsoft should 
merge with Intel? Or even scarier buy it? Yes, you will get the most powerful 
company in the world. Powerful enough to dictate the government what to do. 

Have you seen Robocop? That movie is based on a company that owns a complete 
city including the inhabitants. Will this really happen in the future?
Maybe it's a bit far-fetched but this is going a bit out of control. The U.S. 
state department fears also Microsoft's monopoly position. They sued the company 
for including a communication program to go on Microsoft Net. Attempts were made 
to restrain the monopoly position but no avail ...

Bill's setup is already called the gem of the U.S. I see it as a big brick
smashing everything that comes near. I have to admit that they do have vision
but only for their own future. Apple, Atari and the others will have a hard time
keeping their heads above the water. It will be virtually impossible to really
compete with PCs. They blew it a long time ago. 

We are left with a company who wants to control the whole market, including
the users on other systems. Let us hope for the future that other computer 
systems get a chance ...

Stay with us,

Slimer
~GREY_RED.PAL~
