UFOs and abductions
~DUST.FIL~

===================            'He who doesn't send his thoughts
UFOs AND ABDUCTIONS             far away, will find worries near by'
===================                      
   By Slimer                    Confucius

This is a little bit of an unconventional article for a computer magazine. It 
is about the phenomenon UFOs and abductions. I am being very interested in this
subject and do not think of it being totally impossible although some stories
are hard to swallow. Thousands of people make reports of being abducted by alien
beings and taken onboard of spaceships. On these spaceships strange experiments
seem to take place very often aimed at the victims reproductive organs. 
Interesting fact about these cases is that abductees often bear strange 
unexplainable scars on their bodies. Sometimes a little alien probe gets
implanted.

Doctors have removed and sent several of these "probes" to laboratories for
closer examination. The "probes" consist mostly of known elements but in
strange combinations, something never seen before on this planet. Explanation 
for this could be that the aliens have to use known elements otherwise the 
human body would reject them. The other reason could be to avoid suspicion. 

The tiny implants are found in the nose, eye sockets and various other places.
People who are skeptical about this phenomenon may try to explain these 
implants. I have got my on theory about what these implants may do ...

We know that scienctists will develop future machines and computers using 
living tissue (e.g., biomechanical stuff). Researches are working on ways of 
storing data on discs of ice. Imagine if we go only two hundred years further 
in time, what would all be possible by then? If these alien civilizations are 
a thousand years ahead, what are they capable of? They would look very advanced 
in our eyes and regarded as angels or gods. This could also explain why some 
people claim to be abducted by angels. What would the cave dweller have said 
if he saw our technology? He probably has treated us like gods. 

These implants could be very advanced computer systems or some kind of tag. 
We see them as unusual pieces of flexible material. We have not got the 
technology to find out what these things really do. You can imagine that these 
tiny implants must be enormous advanced to store data or operate as a tracking 
device. It's molecular structure could be able to absorb energy or transmit 
specific waves. An article can be found in this subdirectory with details about 
these implants!

All over the world we see that humankind is looking for spiritual challenges.
They say that our interest for the paranormal relates to the climbing to a 
higher spiritual level. 
Life on other planets is quite possible and we even search for it with big 
dishes. The SETI project is such an example, they would have never launched 
this billion-dollar project if the researches were not sure about their 
case ...  

Let me illustrate our position in the universe with an example: Imagine a tribe
of Bushmen in the deep dark jungles of South America. They have lived there
for many generations and have never seen a white man before. Sometimes an
airplane flies over at a great distance. The tribe sees the plane as an enormous
bird and probably worseships it as the god of the skies. All the people in the
tribe think that they are the only living souls in existence. Meanwhile, 
millions of people are living in the large city at the edge of the jungle ...

I think this story goes for us too. There could be billions of planets with life
on it. As you read this, complete intergalactic wars can take place without you
noticing it. On some planets are only micro organisms and on others advanced
life has evolved for thousands of years. That is only the part that plays in our
dimension ...

Coming back at the UFO sightings and abductions, they do not seem that
impossible to me. There are reports on thousands of sightings all over the world
done by an almost equal amount of people. These observers range from high
ranking officers in the army till bums. I was watching a TV show a while ago
where a sceptic was making the argument that all these UFO sightings started
between 1955/60. He claimed that before 1955 there where no reports about
them. I think that he overlooked a few things, the media before 1955 was not
that advanced yet. They did not have satellites, television on a big scale and 
so on. You also could say, that there were not many wars before 1955. There was 
a great deal, believe me, but the coverage was not so good. 
UFO sightings date back many centuries ago. Old drawings show creatures with 
helmets and what seems like spacesuits. Several unexplained sights and 
constructions can also be found on our planet. I am not that naive to say that
UFOs have done all these things. A great deal can be explained and most have 
nothing to do with extra terrestrial involvement. 

Do consider this, of all the thousands of sightings only ONE has to be true!

What is so interesting about these abductions is the fact that you do not
remember them(or only bits and pieces). You could be walking down the beach
or laying in your bed and get abducted. Sometimes people cannot remember
several hours. They seem erased from memory. By means of regressive hypnosis
they can get the missing time back. Strange stories unfold about little grey
men and experiments on spaceships. What is even more strange is that most of
these people remembered the same things and they have never met each other 
before in their lives. How is it possible that all these abducts tell the same
tales? Is it some type of collective dream(a so-called mass hallucination?) 
What about the scars, strange nosebleeds and the implants? How come that 
several people saw strange flying objects in the area where abductions 
took place? Landing marks can sometimes be found in the area(burned grass etc.) 
I think that these are all evidence that strange things do take place.

The experiences that the abducts have seemed like something out of a horror
movie. The aliens make incisions with great accuracy and the prove can most of
the time be found on the body of the victim. Some scars are so unusual that
they never could have been made with the conventional tools we know. Stories
go about the aliens breeding hybrid babies', crossbreeds between humans and
aliens. You can find reports on these also in the subdirectory.

Another interesting thing is that the alien's posses' great telepathic powers.
They communicate with each other and with their victims through this way.
Abductees get to see images of great disasters like a nuclear holocaust and
pollution. Abductees get told that they(the aliens)are deeply concerned with 
the future of the earth. Through the breeding of Hybrid beings they try to 
establish a new race. This is according to them necessary because they are 
too intelligent for us to handle. Our minds could not keep up with them.  
So, by creating hybrid beings they could probably communicate with us on a 
vast scale.

I know that it sounds really fantastic but is it impossible? You are of course
free to think what you like. It must be stated however that the amount of people
who take this seriously is growing rapidly. These people include well know
sciencetists, professors in psychology(like John E. Mack), researchers etc. For
those of you who really are interested in this subject are many books and even
movies available. I can recommend the movie "Intruders," this movie is based
on real stories. You can rent this movie from your local video store and I 
insure you that it will make you think. John E. Mack wrote a book about the 
subject. If you have access to the net, try the UFO sites.

The government denies the existence of UFOs but they are not doing a good job. 
It is rather strange that well-known professors/researchers get visited by 
people from NASA and the CIA. These blokes come a long way just to tell you that
there is no such thing as UFOs and so there is no reason the search any farther.
I think that is the signal that you are hot! I saw some stunning video's taken 
by an onboard camera on a space shuttle flight. These videos showed flying 
crafts being shot at by some type of Star Wars defense system! You also can 
find info about it in this subdirectory including a GIF pic with flightpathes.
I think this very much proves that the government is involved. Okay, that is it
for this time, people who feel an urge to contact me are free to do so 


One last thing: For those who don't believe in such things, read the 
                the Secret History of UFOs! This is really incredible 
                reading!
~YELLOW.PAL~
