Magnetic Particles Decoded part 2
~SLIMER2.FIL~
Magnetic Particles Decoded,  part 2

Excellent = *****
Good      = ****
Okay      = ***
Bad       = **
Vomit/Puke     = *

---

Title               : Speed
Genre               : Action
Total playing time  : N/A

With                : Sandra Bullock

Sorry about the missing info but I did this review a week after. Speed is a
movie directed by Jan de Bont, known for his excellent work behind the
camera in many movies. I mention him because he is Dutch(although he is
trying hard be an American.) The story of Speed goes about a mad bomber
who threatens to blow up an lift with people. He wants a considerable
amount of money to persuade him not to do it. 

Our hero and his buddy are cops of a SWAT team. They manage to save the
people from the lift and corner the bomber. The bomber however activates 
an explosive device and seems to blow himself to smithereens.

Imagine the panic when the bomber surfaces again to take revenge. He plants a
bomb in a community bus that will activate as the speed exceeds 50 miles' a/h
and blows if it drops below. Our hero jumps on the bus and a wild ride follows
including stunts, romance and other assorted things.  

Speed is a fast movie with much action, some excellent stunts and the 
gorgeous Sandra Bullock! Rent it and find out for yourself.

Rating : ****


---

Title               : Star Trek: Generations
Genre               : Sci-Fi
Total playing time  : 113 minutes

With                : Patrick Steward as Captain Jean-Luc Picard
                      William Shatner as Captain James T. Kirk
                      James Doohan as Montgomery Scott
                      Walter Koenig as Pavel Chekov
                      Malcolm McDowell as Soran

Stardate: the 23rd Century. Retired Starfleet officer's James T. Kirk,
Montgomery Scott and Pavel Chekov are guests of honour aboard the newly
christened Enterprise B. A test run takes an unexpected turn, however, when
the starship encounters two vessels trapped inside the Nexus, a mysterious
energy ribbon. During a perilous rescue action attempt, Kirk is swept out into
space.

Seven decades later, Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of Enterprise-D
rescue an El Aurian physicist named Soran. Unbeknownst to Picard, Soran
harbours a deadly plan that includes the destruction of the Enterprise and
millions of lives. Now Picard's only hope for the future rests within the 
Nexus ... and a legendary captain of the past.

I really love these stories on the back of the video box. They can explain a
movie in a few sentences ... 
Malcolm McDowell plays as always an excellent villain. Another good Star
Trek episode worth watching.

Rating: ***1/2  

---

Title               : Timecop
Genre               : Sci-fi / Action
Total playing time  : 95 minutes

With           : Jean-Claude van Damme as Max Walker
                 Mia Sara as Melissa Walker
                 Ron Silver as Senator McComb

In the year 2004 timetravel gets invented. To keep things going out of control, 
they bring timetravel police(Time Enforcement Commission) to live. It would
be a dull movie if there were not some villains to bend the rules a bit. 
A senator by the name of McComb sees timetravel as the perfect way to
become president of the U.S.A.  His goons go back in time to steal gold, make
business deals etc. 

The Senator has bribed many people at TEC, including Max's partner. This
man has gone back in time to speculate, buying a lot of stocks to raise funds
for the senator. Max arrests him and finds out about the plans of McComb. The
senator feels the heat and decides to eliminate Max in the past. Much traveling
back and forth in time, smashing heads and shooting describe the events that
follow. 

Timecop is a good action movie but it lacks the style of Back to the Future. The
story tends to get a bit blurry after a while with all the timetravelling. 
Jean-Claude may not be that good anymore because he takes some serious
beating(there goes his reputation, grin.) Seriously folks, if you dig this stuff
rent it ...

Rating: * * *

---
Title               : Natural Born Killers 
Genre               : Action
Total playing time  : N/A        

With                : Woody Harrelson as Mickey Knox
                     Juliette Lewis as Mallory Knox
                     Tommy Lee Jones as Dwight McClusky


"Natural Born Killers" is a very violent movie directed by Oliver Stone.
Mickey and Mallory are two people who had a miserable childhood. They
killed their parents and are both on the run. On their way down route 666
they kill lots of innocent people. News travels fast and they become some sort
of idol's. Teenagers seem to relate to them. Mickey and Mallory have no
respect for other people lives but they do know love, because they love each
other very much.

The police try often to catch them but all attempts fail. Several cops get
brutally killed. One police officer by the name of Dwight McClusky is
determent to put them behind bars. After a showdown at a supermarket, he
manages to catch the two. In jail things go terribly wrong and it all turns into
an inferno of blood and dead.

Oliver Stone managed to create a special atmosphere in this movie. In spite of
the constant killing, the viewers develop a special relationship with the
runaway couple. I think this happens because they are not evil or severe
deranged. Murder with a twist ...

Rating: * * * 1/2
~PURPER.PAL~     
