ARTICLES/PICTURES
~ATARI.FIL~
--------------------------------------------------------
SENDING ARTICLES, PICTURES AND MODULES (RULES EXPLAINED)
--------------------------------------------------------
Remember,

Memories are distorted thoughts about forgotten moments...

Here it is after hours of hard work, the new textdisplayer. 16
color pictures underneath or beside the text and full hardware
scrolling. The main-menu is now using the 256 color mode while 
the whole lot is accompanied by a module working at 50 kHz (DSP)! 
Finally the Falcon is almost used to its full potential. Anyway 
new features bring most of the time also other new changes and 
this is no exception ! If you are planning to send us articles 
and pictures than there are a few things you must take in 
consideration:       


   PICTURES IN THE TEXT DISPLAYER

-- We don't use medium pictures anymore, you can now send us  
   16 color pics instead. These pictures may be as big as     
   half a screen. There also is the possibility to create 8   
   color background pictures for underneath the text. If you  
   send a picture and an article to place it in, please 
   indicate where exactly you want it implanted... Please
   send the pictures in the Degas PI1, PC1 or NEO format ! 
   

   PICTURES

-- This diskmagazine also supports 'normal' fullsize pictures 
   using 256 colors max. We prefer GIF or DELmpaint pictures  
   but we are also able to convert other (standard) formats. 
   People who are interested in designing the main-menu for   
   the magazine are free to do so, but do contact us first !
   

   ARTICLES                                          
   
-- Articles can be as long as 400 lines. The amount of 
   characters on one line may be up to 80 columns ! Articles  
   who exceed the 400 lines limit will be cut in equal sized 
   parts depending on the total length.
   
                                      
   MODULES                                     

-- The player supports now from 4 up to 24 (!!)channels DTM modules.
   DTM stands for Digital Tracker Module but normal pro-tracker 
   modules are good too ! ( they can be rebuild ). 
   You are free to send us your home-made mods for use in the 
   magazine. Please keep in mind that we prefer small(er) mods, 
   so no 800 Kb. soundtracks or something like that. So if you
   could send us your mods in DTM format we would be even 
   more pleased!                       


   SOFTWARE

-- readers. If you would like to donate your program to us, we 
   would gladly spread it around the globe. We are looking for 
   games, utilities or small applications. So send in your stuff 
   to us and we will send you the next magazine in return. 
   People who like to code an intro for the next magazine can 
   contact us. We would really appreciate it, so don't hesitate! 

    
   OVERALL REMARKS ON TEXT 
                                             
   Avoid the use of 'strange' characters because the build in  ~PEN.BLK~  
   fonts don't support them, we also use certain characters 
   for other purposes than text. Save your texts in ASCII 
   format and use .TXT as an extension, this will save the 
   editor a lot of time. We would be very grateful when you 
   take these rules in consideration if you planning to send 
   us something ! Have fun reading D.B.A. diskmagazine and we 
   look forward of seeing you in our P.O. box !    
   ~BROWN.PAL~   
