GAY SWITCHBOARD
~SECOND.FIL~

()()()()()()()()()()()()()()    'Is there a wave all alone in the worldsea?'
DAVE OF THE GAY SWITCHBOARD
()()()()()()()()()()()()()()
 
This article contains offensive language and is therefore Hidden. It was 
not meant to be discriminating but we managed to change that anyway.
The names in this article are slightly altered to protect the guilty.


Hello all you lovely readers out there,

Let me introduce myself first, my name is Dave(also known as Davy). I'm a
volunteer telephone operator for the Gay Switchboard in Amsterdam. For those
illiterals who don't know what the Gay Switchboard is all about, a short
explanation would be in order. Well, in a nutshell the Switchboard is
contactpoint for people attracted to (the same) sex. They may invade our
lines with pathetic questions/problems like 'which color condom glows best
in the dark' etc. We just collect their money and offer them a listening ear 
and an electronic shoulder to cry on. 

By now you probably wonder what the droppings of my twisted mind are doing on
display in this diskmagazine. Well, a friend of mine introduced me to this
big hunk, who turned out to be associated with D.B.A. diskmagazine in one way
or another. He was paying a visit to a club called 'the It' in Amsterdam. He
looked gorgeous, wearing a baseball cap and being tall and all. So, I said
to myself, 'Davy boy this is your chance', this is once in a life time. I
could already picture him grovel in total ecstasy at the end of my whip ... So
here's what happened.

Imagine, I had squeezed myself in tight black leather trousers wearing a
black belt covered with shiny metallic spikes. A thin T-shirt complete with
Freddie Mercury print, melted around my body. Fantasies of H. twisting in my
bed, his muscular naked body shining with massage-oil in the dim light of my
S.M. cellar where occupying my mind.. These thoughts became almost unbeara-
ble, his ass would soon be mine ! So I wiggled and winked but no avail ...
He didn't react to my successfully on animals tested, and with sophistication
executed breeding ritual. So I collected all my courage and glided, yes
almost danced closer towards him and (accidently) bumped into him.

I said(in a low voice), 'hi hunk do ya wanna get kinky ...'

Yeah, sure he replied, 'here's kinky !' and the night fell earlier than I
expected. When I came around in the hospital, the face of a doctor was the
first thing that loomed out of the darkness. Was I in heaven, is this an
angel !? He got out his big injection-needle and with a sadistic glance in
his eyes he asked me to turn over. Now I knew for sure, this wasn't heaven
and he wasn't an angel ! A strange glowing sensation took place when the
fluids entered my body, all the lights turned off for the second time ...

It was a week later when I encountered H. in one of Amsterdams infamous
animal/sexshop. He inquired about vibration devices for his Pinkeltje. The
owner of the shop held H. for another washingpowder sniffer and called the
police. The shopkeeper didn't exactly believe in Pinkeltjes ... I saw my 
chance and rushed to the rescue ...

Hi H. I screamed, it's me Pinkeltje ! Only 15 minutes later we found oursel-
ves stripped of our shoe-laces in the jail of the local police station. I 
was still protesting that I hadn't received a proper oral examination and
screamed bloody murder ! Anyway there was a positive side to his whole
affair, we were sharing the same space, just the two of us ... The jail
wasn't that much different from my S.M. cellar. H. wasn't feeling very
comfortable by the looks of it, he slowly shuffled to the nearest corner
of the cel. This was the moment, I've got him cornered and winking and
wiggling I slowly came closer. His breath caught and his eyes wildly scanned
the room for a way out. 
  
I was just trying to rip his pants off, when he started screaming like a mad
man. Four policemen rushed into the cell and I was carried out. Now I'm
sitting behind a P.C. in the Institute for Oversexed Gays, writing this
article for D.B.A. magazine. Maybe I can reach him via the magazine, I really
hope that he finds this hidden article. There's one thing I've learned from
this whole experience: Life is a Bitch and then You Die !!  

H. please contact me ....

Love, Davy ...  


The D.B.A. takes no responsibility for any relationship flowing direct or 
indirect from this article (ED.).
~MINT.PAL~

