--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                CHUCHU ROCKET
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

system.... all, ST, STe, Falcon

makers.... RESERVOIR GODS

kind...... multi player puzzler

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Naaa! Moondog is  going to  review a  multi player game?! No! He  can't  do that
again! Yes, I  wont do  that again since  it isn't  possible, I know  by myself.
Happily "CHUCHU ROCKET" features also a single player  option and so I  was able
to take at least a small look behind the scenes, since I haven't got my daughter
to play that game, she's still infected with "BUGGER" :)

So this wont be a real review then, I just want to  write down my impressions of
the stuff that I could discover as single player.

After all, what is this game all about?! It's some kind of multi  player puzzler
as written above, coming originally  from the  DreamCast console. This game does
not live from  it's gorgeous  grafix or  something but  only from  its addictive
game design.

A puzzler can't be addictive you might say, but you're wrong. You will  think it
even more  if I mention the  basic things of  the game... but you're  then still
wrong...

This  game is all  about mice... the  little "chu"s. Your aim is to  guide those
little chu's to your rocket. A rocket? Yes, a rocket, don't ask me why :)
So you have a playing field were  the mice  run around. On  those playing fields
there can be obstacles and if  your chu's are  running into an  obstacle they're
changing the direction  of their movement, they  will always turn  right if they
run into an obstacle. But there is more around on the playfield. So there can be
holes and if your chu's are falling into them, they will die.
And finally, if the  mice are  here, the cat's  aren't  far away. Here  are they
called "kapu" and if they catch a mouse/chu it is dead, ofcourse. But also those
kapu's can  be guided into  holes and die. If  they catch your rocket, they will
always  eat  the third  part of the  chu's you already  collected  there, in the
puzzle mode you will loose in this point, but there I will go on later...
To guide  your chu's to your  rocked you have a set of arrows you can set on the
screen. If  the  chu's  are running  over this  arrow  they're  going  into  the
direction of it... But as  said, also kapu's will run in that direction then and
so you use them to kick your oponents if you're playing a more players game.

So, this sounds quite easy  at first, but  after all it isn't. Ok, the first few
stages are, but  the higher the stage the more complicated it is to find the way
to your  rocket. So it  is a bit  like "Lemmings", since the  chu's are  running
straight away and don't care about the fact if there is some kapu coming or some
hole and you are the master with the  arrows you can set and  you really have to
think hard where you have to set the arrows, since  it can be that  you lead all
your chu's right to the kapu for example...

{*i chuchu1.pi1 m 0 20 0 199}

The game features 4 different play modes.

4Battle Mode... This is the 4 players  game, but you can  play it also alone and
                against the computer. You have a big load of chu's on the screen
                and there coming more and more... So the  whole thing  starts to
                be very chaotic and last but not least you nearly have no chance
                against the computer controlled players, esp. when you're just a
                beginner. The aim  of the  game is  clear, get in a  special set
                time as much chu's as possible into your rocket  and try to kick
                your oponents while stealing them  chu's they're already guiding
                to their own rockets or just guide a kapu to their rockets.
                I can imagine how funny this could be against  human players but
                against the computer you don't have any chance.
                You can  decide in a menu how  many time  and rounds  have to be
                played until a winner is set.
                
2 vs 2 Mode.... This is the Team mode, but it can be  played alone as well since
                one of your team  will be taken  over by  the computer, too. The
                aim of the game is the  same as  above only  with the difference
                that you can fight both against the  other team and together you
                have more  chances, but you  also have coordinate your work very
                well...
                
Stage Challenge is also a 2 player mode, but can  be played alone as well, since
                the second mouse  pointer can stay  inactive or  taken over by a
                friend for example. Here  doesn't stays  the rule to  catch more
                chu's as your opponents but you have to fullfill your jobs, that
                are given you on the start of any stage. So  you have to collect
                a special number of chu's to win the stage. The  problem is that
                the chu's are running after a short time and you don't have much
                time to think about their ways but  you can set a lot of arrows,
                that are disappearing after a while.
                
Puzzle Challenge is a real one player  mode. Here you see  the stage and you can
                see where you  have to set the arrow to guide  all your chu's to
                your rocket. After you have set the arrow you can click the "go"
                button and see if your idea worked out and all chu's are finding
                the right  way. If not  you can  restart the  stage again... The
                first levels are quite easy but the later ones are  really brain
                tormenting ones, esp. when the first kapu's appearing since here
                you have  to check  what way  they could use  as well and try to
                avoid it with your chu's to run into the kapu since in this game
                mode you must save  all chu's and your rocket as well, or you'll
                loose the game.
                
{*i chuchu2.pi1 m 0 20 0 199}
                
Yes, that's it more or less all  about the game in short! So this doesn't has to
be seen as a real review since I can imagine that the motivation and playability
differs much if you have human opponents and not the high computer AI.

The game itself is a typical  Reservoir Gods game... The grafix are really neat,
nice animated and obvious  inspired by  the original game  on the DreamCast. The
game  features a  nice chipmusic  soundtrack  and a lot  of special effects like
speech samples and so on.
On Falcon  and STE the sound quality is  ofcourse a lot  better as on  the later
released STFM version. (the lite version). On the Falcon/STE you can make use of
the Jaguar Pad as well and furthermore the game runs on VGA too...

The game itself features the  typical Reservoir Gods  menu mania and there seems
to be nothing you can't set. It is a hard  thing to step through all the menu's,
skill grades, stages, and playing  modes but therefore you're able to adjust the
game in the way you want to play it...

So what to say to end this short impression? This game is really addictive but I
have to admit that I don't have the time to step deeper into it or to spend more
hours on it atm. This  is as said just  thought to make you think to take a look
on it by yourself too.

So if you have some friends on the hand and you like  puzzle games where you can
kick them also, not only playable  side by side, but really against  each other,
you have to take a look on it. As single player you should mainly use the puzzle
mode that will make your brain burn for sure... so fans of puzzle actions really
should take their hands on it, if they have enough time.
This game surely isn't something to play in  the lunch break  since it sucks you
in and you can't leave your fingers from it.
The style of the game is surely a matter of taste. The grafix are neat and doing
their jobs, the chu's are nice animated but after all I'm not the biggest fan of
that far  east styling, but after all this doesn't changes something on the game
itself.
The music is really  nice but I wish  the in game  samples would be a bit better
and clearer. There are different musics in the whole game and so there is enough
diversity and they won't bore you with the time...
The control's  are quite ok and  after all also  the game play should be easy to
understand...

So what else?! Nothing  more to say... if I have  kicked out that  damn UCM some
day I will surely find time to take a closer and deeper look onto it...

You instead have to get and play it if you like puzzle games!

.tSCc.                                                          moondog . o3/2k2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
