--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      ERROR IN LINE 2K1 - 8BIT VIEW
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (original article in german by MAD BUTSCHER, lame translation by moondog)

At Easter  the  Error In Line (EIL) 2001 took  place in  Dresden. The  EIL  is a
convention where the ST and Falcon demo scene meets each other. Last time I was,
besides SATANTRONIC from Slovakia, the  only who had  installed an 8bit machine.
This time we were a lot more.
It is some kind of  usual now that the  8bit scene and the Falcon/ST scene meets
each other on conventions and this is good.

Mr.XY (SWAT), Charon (Escape) and me droved to  Dresden  at Friday. The trip was
untypical normal, except some trip through  the Rh”n (german mountains, the ed.)
because of a traffic jam on the highway.

The EIL took  place on the  same location as  last time again, the students club
"GAG18" of the  University of Dresden. The organizers gave us the same places as
last time and so we were going on at the point we stopped 2 years ago.
After I had exchanged a lot of news with the present people, finally I found the
time to code once more on my music compilation called "POKEY OHRBLUT" which will
contain musix by R.I.K. of Kaisersoft.
Mr.XY was  working on  his Xmas tree  intro, but because  of the known reason he
changed it into an Easter bunny intro.

In the meantime Daniel Pralle (Creature XL) arrived. Creature is still coding on
the XL but now he  is a member  of tSCc, but  we hope that  he will  stay to his
roots or even can change tSCc to the XL.

On Saturday  Rene de Bie  (TXG of MNX) arrived. TXG  told Rouven (Mr.XY) shortly
before our departure, that he will come as well, but he must stop the phone call
fastly since the last train was leaving  the station just a half hour later. And
since all was organized in a rush (it makes most fun in this way), we were lucky
as he finally arrived.

We used  his arrival  to search  for the  local  super market (Aldi) to organize
something to eat and "a bit" to drink.

TXG brought a big bag with  a lot of  interesting things  to the party. The real
higlight was without any doubt the Atari 800 XL with build in 16bit processor.
Besides that he a lso had  an 1MB simm RAM  expansion card and some rare modules
(Sparta DOS X, GOS). Especially GOS was kinda funny. It was quite cool to see an
Atari XL with a GEM-look-a-like screen  between all those  ST/Falcons with their
normal GEM environment.
After TXG had showed  all his stuff to  us, he started to compose some music for
the competitions. Unfortunately we had some problems to make a CMC player run in
assembler and it took us some hours to solve that problem.

A bit later also the  guys of "Tripple A" (a german Atari, Amiga, Acorn Fanzine)
arrived too: Bastian Moritz (MoAco), Stefan Pollock  (Mr.Baccardi) and  last but
not least DigiDuck.
MoAco  started  a bit  later to code  some Turbo Basic intro, while  Mr.Baccardi
finished some tool that is able deprotect  LK Avalon games. As he told me he got
several emails of former LK Avalon programmers who gave him hints and tips.

And so  there were  already 5 XL computers  running, used  to  create something.
Of course not  the whole time, more or less only  sometimes since  the most time
was used  to speak with old friends  and new chaps, or  to help the others while
coding some stuff (thanx TXG).

At the night  to Sunday I was standing on the frontdoor as  someone was knocking
on the door. Jo Cool of Checkpoint had no time and told  me to open the door and
as I was opening the door I checked that  there was also something like daylight
because it  was already  morning again. If you're sitting  the whole time in the
dark rooms you're loosing the timefeeling a bit.
Anyway, there were some people standing in front of the door and since the first
one gave me some bottle of Wodka I thought that those guys must come from Poland
maybe. The Wodka was great and as I checked Draco arrived with some friends.

Besides coding and  speaking with  friends, I organized some game competition as
well. We were playing "Missile Command" on a  XE Game System. More and more guys
took part in  the competition because it wasn't  usual so  far to have such game
competitions on ST/Falcon conventions.
Mr.XY was the  first who reached a score of more than 100.000 points. NoBrain of
NoCrew  and me matched it  with some  more efforts  as well, so Mr.XY kicked the
score to 200.000 easily. So the  difference between the  first place (Mr.XY) and
the second one (NoBrain) was huge 90.000, while  the difference  between place 2
and 3 (me) was just about 10.000 points.

Later on DRACO checked out TXG's 16bit XL and  TXG told  him that he is possible
now to adress up to  16 MB now. So DRACO told him  that it would  be possible to
port "Mint" (an operating  system based on  Minix for ST and Falcon) then. So we
are curious to see if this will be possible.

On Monday morning  finally the competitions  took place. This time it gave a big
comeback for Falcon demos that were numerous released and of a good quality.
There were 3 8bit releases, the tool  of Mr.Baccardi, the  music by TXG and last
but not least the Easter bunnies in snow intro by Mr.XY.

A bit later we went back home. The EIL was great again  and as we could hear the
next  Easter party maybe  will take  place in  Enschede/Holland. But wherever it
will take place, we surely will meet again there.

                                                   Mad Butscher / Foundation Two
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
