Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             FEEDBACK AND VOICES
Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As known UCM matches it, to make the people react. And here we have a collection
of reactions... the worst things at first... better ones will follow, ugh!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Hi DICKHEAD,

I ran across  your site today  and frankly I'm  disgusted.  I first read your so
called review of  st offline.  I've got news for you.  your full of SHIT.  About
st offline.  I read  that article you did  about it and straight away I know you
hadn't done more than look at the main menu.
And yet you  insult these  guys (namely  Chris & Lee) who've  been active  atari
supporters for  years.  Yet what have you done?  NOTHING but come on posting a
few K worth of wintroll crap insulting others. I took at
the rest of your site and aside from posting obvious bollox about others
who actually do something,  all you have is a few links that are years
out of date,  either they've gotten out of the atari scene years ago or
are bankrupt.

Let me spell it out for you,  if you really want to contribute,  cut the
crap, stop being an asshole and instead get off your lazy ass and DO
SOMETHING CONSTRUCTIVE.

James M. Alexander


editors note... Yo man! I came across  from the toilet and as I looked back into
                the toilet  I thought, hey! That looks like James M.! Kewl! Stop
                kiddin... Ok, what have I done so far? Better what have YOU done
                so far when you  compare  the things I  did in the  last 9 years
                with "nothing"?! I'm really  interested  to know that. Maybe you
                are the ST OFFLINE fanclub  and you think this is enough... esp.
                since  ST OFFLINE is  dead. If  you would  be  interested in the
                things that  are going  on in the  Atari scene you  surely don't
                needed 8 months to find out about UCM's review of ST OFFLINE...
                To cut this... I  did something, esp. with the  release  of this
                issue of  UCM, while  all the  things YOU  did are  just sending
                crappy  messages to  others  THAT  are doing  something. Shut up
                asshole!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

hello,

Even though we feel  you were not  impressed with  ST offline, you could have at
least supported the fact that Lee Round was supporting Atari, maybe not they way
you would have liked but at least it was a effort towards such.
Slagging off ST supporters  is not a  wise thing to  do. Review and say what you
like about the  zine, but at least  people were trying. If Lee actually had some
support off people  instead  of the constant complaints maybe it would have been
better suited  towards people.  I don't like you slaggin' off the Mega displayer
as it was tested with others alike and was in fact the fastest.
I never understood  why people  said it wasn't :-\  It may have not been as fast
as C+ displayers  but it was good  for STOS. Ok, so it  didnt have  all the junk
added in which other displayers had, who cares, I and no one else I knew of ever
used anything  more than  the basics. It  was also the  fastest in displaying in
text pictures, but  of course  this was never  really used  appart from  in Mega
Disczine. Lee also spent  a lot of time is programming the Shell for ST OFFLINE,
I thought he did a very good job in his themes and should be at least given some
credit for such.

ST Offline was born when I stopped writing MEGA Disczine due to lack of support/
interest. I started  out with MEGA when STOSSER went out. We wanted a zine to be
born which could at least carry the older STOSSER memeber over. Which it did.
I also gave  the zine more  freedom to allow  other topics of interest. Ok, they
may have not been  Atari related but we loved doing the zine, the shells and the
knolage that we were doing out bit, even if in some small way, to support Atari.
I made issue 4 the last becasue I no longer had the time to support the zine.
Lee took over  from then and  renamed the  zine ST offline. He had his own ideas
about what went in and he did just that.
the zine was done to what we was interested in.

Lee had already  thought about this  and was working on a HTML version which not
run on a ST at all. It  seemed to be to  much of a effort for the lesser mongols
to work  out how to  copy them to  a ST disc  so It  was decided  a  online HTML
version would  be produced.  Plans did go so far for this work but Lee had other
things on his plate and still does so it never got really started.
The rest  of the old MEGA  disczine crew had half lost interest in Atari's since
they had nothing  to aim for. In fact  a few of them  moved to PC platform, some
lost contact, others just  sold thier ST's. maybe  this wouldn't have happend if
the  lazy ST users, and  yes I do  mean  it, LAZY ST USERS, actually  got up off
their butt's and did something to support such efforts. we sure as hell did.
This was  the very reason  why STOSSER died, then  MEGA, now  ST offline. We all
tried to make the  best of it and pick up the peices and carry on forward. Which
I think we all did very well. We loved every moment of it.

If you didnt think  these efforts were good enough them Im sorry about that, but
we are not  the ones to  blame for it  only the  ST users. these  days I dont do
anything  to support Atari anymore. Not  becasue I dont  want to , but the users
are just not worth it. That will upset the few good people left on the ST scence
as I know a  lot of people still  do great jobs in supporting. I have heard good
and bad. I know from a lot of sources that the ST users just slag one enough off
these days and  moan and moan about things when its only thier own fault for not
doing anything them selves. It was  the old  case and I will  quote from STOSSER
"Don't just read! Write!" .
how many  people read STOSSER but never wrote in ? who knows  but it died in the
end as a result. I have  even found one  hell of a lot  of people over the years
which read MEGA but never wrote anything, and they have said that they wish they
had now, though its way to late and more people have been lost.

I would carry on  to support Atari if there was just cause to do so, which TBH I
really dont  think there is anymore. I would  even write software to do whatever
but why would I waste anymore of my time ? Lee is really , and I mean REALLY die
hard ST fan.  I think  even he has just  about had  enough of  the abuse from ST
users who just moan and not actually provide anything constructive.
I think  your review  just about  kills ST offline  and keeps  anyone  from even
looking at  it, killing  it before  it even has  a chance  to start, now is that
REALLY the  thing to do ??!  Lee and  myself know  that people did like the zine
and were looking forward to the next issue.
The same was for MEGA also, some liked it some didn't.  Its how it  goes, but at
least they had  the decency not  to slag off  the whole thing. Some people liked
some articles and  some didn't. Just  becasue 1 person  didn't like doesn't mean
they have to warn off others from viewing it.

I guess really  thats just what  the ST user scence  has come down to. I for one
really dont  like it but  thats just how  it is. Its  far to easy  to moan about
something  than to actually  help some  one. This  attitude has already killed 3
zines that  out groupd  have been  supporting, proably  and for sure, a lot more
zines. So  its not fair  to point  the finger  of blame  of the few trying to do
soemthing to support thier beloved ST.
I for one feel  now that we have took yet another bash in our guts for trying to
help. I was going  to support other  zines but TBH I couldnt find anything which
was still going  at the time. I know maggie was probably the best suited but Ive
not seen anything from them in a long time now. Though I dont even look anymore.
Why would I ? or why  would any  of the our  contacts  bother ? while  the moans
exsist theres  no point. I know software developers who were actually willing to
write  ST programs, but  they never  did just  becasue it  wouldn't  get support
enough to  warrent it. Even  if they did, they  would expect  programs  for free
which don't really help support the software developers in thier efforts.
Yourself and people  alike may live  at another end  of the ST sence while we at
the other, though from  our point of view we have really just given up.  We will
still use our ST and  have pride  in doing  so, but when  it comes to supporting
things, why bother when all we get is moans ?

You can  publish this  where ever  you like. I am not  open to abuse  from Atari
users one bit, If  this is taken as  abuse then I have just wasted the past hour
expressing my feelings.

Chris Swinson.


editors note... Hello Chris, even if it seems that you're searching someone who
                has to be guilty for the fact that you have given up the mag it
                seems you're trying  to point your  fingers on  me in some way,
                even if ST OFFLINE was already dead as you discovered my review
                of it on the  net, since the  arrival of your mail and the ones
                of your mates  at nearly the same  day shows up that someone of
                you stumbled over the page and informed the others... but as it
                seems  nobody of you  already has  checked that it  was already
                published so many months before on a diskmag... So please don't
                blame me  for being  one of  the killers... since  you  gave up
                before... On the  other hand I  understand your  point of view,
                since I checked this out all the years I'm creating "my" mag...
                The Atari scene maybe is known for their friendship but not for
                their support... esp. for their  support of  diskmagazines. But
                after all it isn't good to  say that  the others are the reason
                that the magazine has  died. As main editor  you're the one who
                gives and takes  life. Without  your power  a magazine wouldn't
                survive at all. Sure, the  readers  and supporters  are a need,
                but if  you for yourself  give up, nobody can  save anything. I
                for myself  are creating the  reanimated UCM nearly alone, only
                with very  few helps... that means I'm writing about 9o percent
                of the  articles alone, and  I'm aware  of the  fact that  many
                people didn't like that. But I will go on doing so, since it is
                my personal support for  the Atari scene, giving  it a bit more
                colours, something  more to  read, some  different  views, some
                diversity. If we all would only wait for support and wont fight
                through the first  hard years, we  wouldn't be here but died so
                many years  before... Some  people have to power to fight, some
                not... Of course, anyone who leaves our lines is a loss, but it
                can't be the  solution  to stay as  liar in  telling the people
                things that aren't meant  earnest or as truth. Some people told
                me I have something  like the duty to  inform the people in the
                way it  is from my  view onto the things, not  to telling  them
                lies because I don't want to kick someone... As magazine writer
                you always stand in the line of  fire and if you can't stand it
                you already have lost the fight... But after all  only to write
                that the lame ST users are the reason for quitting can't be the
                solution... since if all  would think  so, as written above, we
                would never have reached the year 2oo2...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Dear Moondog,

My name is Lee Round and I assume you are from Germany, especially with your web
site located in  Germany. I know  of your magazine  and many others that support
the Atari platform, but I suggest you read the following.

I have read your  personal review of my disk magazine "St_offline", and you have
a few facts wrong within  your review. The magazine is now outdated and not what
you wrote. Furthermore, I believe  you do not fully understand what the magazine
was all about. If you  would like me  to explain  further then simply send me an
Email.

I do not mind any  attempt at a review from anyone, but I would like to know why
you have  chosen to use  the word "Freak"? Would  you like to explain the use of
such words and  what do you think  the definition of that word is?  I'm sure you
know that  the word "Freak", is taken  from the English  and not from the German
language?

There are many magazines being created by supporters of the Atari computer but I
believe you are  taking this  far too seriously. I try  to create  many types of
magazines for  the Atari when I have time, but we all have a life to get on with
and in my opinion the Atari platform is slowly coming to an end.

Haben Sie noch etwas hinzufÅgen?

MR Lee Round.


editors note... Ja, ich  habe noch etwas  hinzuzufÅgen! Since you asked me about
                the use of the word freak. I'm very  aware that it  means in the
                origin in a deprciating way a handicapped person, at  least this
                is known to me because of the use of the word in comparison with
                an old movie that is about little and deformed people. But after
                all we shouldn't start to split some hairs  here, since me and I
                think also YOU are knowing that the use  of the word freak isn't
                seen as offense today, since we all are freaks. The word is used
                today in comparison with people  that are infected  by some very
                special  things, just like  computing or  something. We  all are
                infected with  the Atari  virus, so we are  Atari freaks, people
                that are die hard fans are called freak as well. So I don't have
                a problem  to be  called a  freak as well  and so I'm using that
                word without the sense to insult some people too...
                Another thing, you told  me that I take  my job too serious... I
                think if I wouldn't  take it  so serious, UCM  would  already be
                buried and gone... Since I  reanimated the magazine, I'm putting
                all my powers  and time, that  is left besides  my real life, my
                family, my  job and other  hobbies, into it, just to save it for
                the scene. I still don't see the UCM  as a thing that can vanish
                from today to tomorrow... I've put so much energy in building up
                that magazine, in saving  it for years and saving it for times I
                have left the scene, as well in reanimating it to give the scene
                some more colours, that it was finally some part of my life...
                It isn't a thing I wont  to give up over night, since if I would
                do so, I would never stand 1oo % behind it and if you aren't you
                already have lost... Surely, the  Atari  platform  isn't growing
                but shrinking year  per year, but is that a reason to give up at
                all? I don't  think so  since when you're  leaving you're one of
                the people who makes the  scene shrink... I for  myself will try
                to write and  publish UCM as  long as  possible, since every UCM
                release  will give  the scene  something back... sure, there are
                always people who don't  like the  things they read in here, but
                they read only my  personal views, they  aren't thought to stand
                for the whole community, and if someone  doesn't like the things
                he has red here, he can sat down and write something by himself,
                but the most don't do so and so  they must read UCM in the way I
                create it or have to shut up... I offer them  the possibility to
                spread their views and  thoughts, but  if they don't  use it, it
                isn't my fault at all...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Hi Eric !

first i need  to tell you  that you seem  to attach a bit too much importance on
your articles. There  is no common  point between  my critics of tSCc's last two
intros and  UCM21 or you'll need  to explain me what are these mysterious common
points!

as for the  tSCc intros : I admit  the word "recycling" was the worst chosen and
had nothing to do there but I guess I was tired after working too long on alive.
I was simply disappointed to see very little design in these intros, poor chosen
colors and some fx looking worse in their final version than in Llama's unspread
previews (I'm thinking  of the horrible  spinning  star in  Centauri here  while
preview version used the enhanced STe palette) but it seems you are the only one
allowed to criticize :) sorry but  among the many  releases, only  the last tSCc
left a bitter taste in my mouth, esp when you have top reboot afterwards what is
kinda  newcomer  lame bug... I didn't  remember this  pun in  your  lame dolphin
picture to be  honest. So stupid ppl think they are right when they  are just so
fucking wrong and I really hate being blamed for the wrong reasons.

as for UCM21 : i was really  happy to read  something new, something  i wouldn't
have been 200% involved  into but really reading ucm21 became a pain  in the ass
after a while: it seems like (in your opinion) we are all lamers, creating shit,
writing  shit, eating  it too (which  is surely  the rightest  statement  of the
three)... that goes so tiring after a while esp as I see no point doing this.
you seem  to play  big guy, yeah  you're a  rebel because  you say "fuck you" to
everyone but I  see no real  sense of values  nor anything you seem to defend in
your views. Your article about "ucm at its worst" was (using your language) full
of shit, lies and  twisted info but  trust me I'll write about that in the ucm21
review. Still I'm not  angry at you, I don't  want ppl  to lick my ass like dumb
pets but real criticism is what I am expecting, not just bullshit.
another example : in the review about our 'Apocalypse' demo you wrote it was STe
only because it didn't run on your STf. Is it the way you handle information ?
then you should be a fucking journalist telling lies! this demo is ST compatible
and i'm not  responsible if it fucks up on your STf. Sure you have to write that
it didn't work on your Stf (a bug no one ever complained about before  you!) but
don't say it's Ste only because it doesn't use any STe spec.

well this  could go  on for  hours and  I would be  glad to  meet you  again and
discuss  this. again, I have  no anger, i'm  just  a bit  disappointed. Maybe  I
remembered  you as someone  who said  what he  thought and  not someone who said
everyone else sucked... whatever... i hope to can get other writers for the next
issue of  UCM so that I can  expect to read varied articles with different views
(and don't try to write them all changing nickname :).
I'm sure you won't understand that but really it makes me sad to see you back as
pissed as you  were when you left. i hoped to see you back a bit more mature.
Dunno... I'll have  to read UCM21 again anyway, maybe i'm just wrong here, don't
know what to think.

cheers, sebastien aka lame main editor of alive


editors note... This time I don't know what to do, but finally I wont  leave any
                comments here. I deleted  all my  thoughts lately  since I don't
                wanted to start with all the quarrels again esp. since all minds
                are calmed down. I just let stand this letter in here without
                any comments and you can make your own thoughts  about it, since
                when you're a  regular reader of  UCM you know the facts... Last
                thing to add  is that  please take a  second look at the article
                that caused all this pain in  STsurvivors ass... can you see the
                two (!) sentence signs? Just (?!)... and we  learned  in  school
                that you can use both signs  if the sense of a sentence is split
                in two different  meanings... But stop... I don't  want to write
                more here, read all the stuff carefully again or just skip it...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Yo atari dudes !

What a surprise for me to see the UCM is still alive ! :o)
Anyway, I'm glad  to see you're back  on the atari  scene. As I said, 2 diskmags
are better than only 1 ;o)

Best regards

EdO


editors note... now we are three?! Thanx mate...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Yoho Moondog,

After reading GrEaT UCM 21, it seems that you don't know what "pouet" means.
If that's true, just read. :)

"pouet" is the  word for  a sound, it  mainly defines  what  you can  hear  when
pressing on  a old car horn  or playing  a note on a trumpet. But it can also be
the sound for a fart or pressing on a tit (should be a funny sound so ?).

I hope it was just a few little bit interesting for u ! ;)

CU !

    ____  ______ ____     ____  ____
.  _\_  \_\_  _/_\_  \_ _/  _/_/  _/_ .
:-/  /  /  / /  /  _  /_\__   /  /  /-:
| \____/__/_/__/_____//_______\____/mcl
|                                     |
:    [     Stempell  Mathieu     ]    :
|                                     |
:    [        Atari Zikos        ]    :
:    [     Soundchip & Track     ]    :
|                                     |
:    [ e-mail : dma-sc@atari.org ]    :
:    [ irc : #atariscne - Dma-Sc ]    :
:    [ url : sectorone.atari.org ]    :
|                                     |
'------ - --[ sECt0r  oNE ]-- - ------'


editors note... Oha, another french origin, like "meuh"?! Thanx for the laurels!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Hi Moondog,

Mac Sys Data here of POV. Just read your web page at
http://www.sirlab.de/tscc/ucm21/deathcds.html.

I know it  is pretty  old but it  is so true about compilation makers. I started
POV years ago  and I last  released a  disk 12 months ago. I gave my source code
away to select people  who passed it on and other lamers then claimed they wrote
the code.

Anyway, I should be releasing  some more POV compilations in the next 12 months.
Nothing special but at least I am alive and making compilations.

regards

Mark
Mac Sys Data of POV


editors note... We always try to reveal the truth, even if it sad sometimes... I
                hope to see the one or other compile by you in the next months..
                Go on supporting Atari... I will do so as well...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Hey Eric

On a  cheerier  note, I'd like  to congratulate  you with  the revival of UCM. I
enjoyed the  first "undead" issue a lot, controversial as always! Never imagined
you'd dislike  the design of Tut! that  much though, but I have to admit that my
opinion is obviously biased by being involved in the project the way I was.
Ah well, at  least you  gave your  honest  opinion  and not some kinda "blowjob-
criticism"... :-)

Cheers,


/Peter.


editors note... I never would make blowjob criticism... anyone who thinks he can
                have a blowjob by  me must be  aware of a big bite into his long
                john silver... ;)

Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

That's it for this time... After all the negative  reactions you can see that we
are still here since we aren't people  who are as weak  that they quit the scene
because of  some bad reactions... Of course  the last issue  seemed to be one of
the most  controversial  issues since the  UCM - Maggie war, but  I believe  the
scene will survive  such quarrels  since it survived  so many  hard times... and
overall those reactions showing up that the Atari scene isn't such  a homogenous
melting pot but a colourful bunch of individuals...

.tSCc.                                                                   moondog
Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
