ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Interview with: ILLEGAL of THE REPLICANTS, done by EDO/Sector One
ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

First of all, thanks for accepting this  interview dude. I imagine talking about
Atari after these years should remind you some great souvenir.....

ó1 - Let's start! Could you introduce you? I know your past activities were a bit
ó    illegal (!) so you are not obliged to give us your real name.


    Hi. I thank you for your interview proposal.
    I'm not really scared about what's to be written over here: there has been a
    lot of stuff in my life before, that I'm proud of. My illegal's life was for
    me a magic part of my life. But I've made progress in other activities.
    Basically I began school in some kind of low-level school, in Paris 75020. I
    was  a  good student  and  then  I  moved in  another "chic"  school. I then
    obtained  my "BAC C" (first  french  representative  diploma  in  scientific
    series). Then I decided  at 16 to go into  some short studies and I obtained
    a BTS (technical diploma in information technology).
    After these studies I decided to work and continue some  studies at the same
    time and so I  continued my  studies in  CNAM, studying in  the week end and
    late in the evening (conservatoire national des arts et metiers).
    That's for my studies.
    My name is Stephane. I wish I could  get back in touch with the former Atari
    scene people. I realize I've lost almost all the contacts I had.
    I'm a tall guy, computers have been  fascinating me  since I was very young.
    I've been programming my first  computer when  I was 12, I remember it was a
    Tandy TRS 80. Computers brought me much, and they still do.
    I live in Toulouse  with my girlfriend  Francoise. In fact I tried living in
    Bordeaux 4 years ago  but I did not  like. I came  back in Paris, and then I
    went in Toulouse  as a senior  consultant in the  CAP Gemini Ernst And Young
    Company.
    Paris is great but  when you live inside, you realize you do not live as you
    could live with another quality of life outside. Toulouse is a little Paris,
    with the quality of life.
    Nowadays I work as  a manager in a software editor company. I'm director and
    about 30 people work for me. At 29 years that's a pretty cool success!
    I've learned that  some other people I  knew from the old ST Scene have good
    jobs in companies also (take  a look at STNICC site). Atari community can be
    proud of their sons.
    I wish I could  make my own company soon.  I've plenty of ideas, I just lack
    of means. Anyone over there wishes to build a company with me?
    If you're -business oriented- or just wish to get in touch with me, do not
    hesitate to write to...
    Stephane Hosemans, 15 Bis Rue St Jean, 31130 Balma, France.

ó2 - Now that we learned more  from you, I would like to  know something a lot of
ó    people are wondering: where are the legendary Replicants ?


    In fact Replicants was a  group with members all over  France (Lille, Nimes,
    Paris, Marseille). I was one of the first to be from Paris. My main contacts
    were with  Maxi, Cameo and Snake. Honestly, I lost contact  with all of them
    when I went off the group for creating ICS.
    As far as I remember, DOM from Douai  stopped cracking a little bit before I
    entered the Replicants. Maxi made a part of career in the Army. No news from
    the others.
    As far as I know, Replicants  lasted long  after my departure from the Atari
    scene after 1992.
    I've much news  from Equinox, not  much from Replicants. I think nobody does
    really. The  best thing  to do would  be to talk about it to Snake or Zae (I
    did with Zae). They surely  would have some  more news. I once talked to Zae
    some years ago. He lost many contacts also.
    I hope that does not disappoint you?

ó3 - I remember the Replicants  were the most famous european cracking crew. When
ó    I was younger, my dream was to join a crew like this :o)
ó    How did you manage to join? Did you join other groups before?


    That's right: the  best cracking  group ever. Except  when I was  in ICS, of
    course. I consider  that 42 crew  was the really  best. It would be long too
    explain why. But no cracker  from the  scene will  tell you bad things about
    them, for sure! Purple Saturn day was "the" mythic crack, ask them why!
    When I owned  my first Atari, very  early, I was  just playing  some  action
    games. I was getting  bored with  ST Karate, Arkanoid, Mudpies and all those
    mythic games.
    As a common ST Owner, I was  exchanging with my neighbour Franck some games.
    He then left Atari  for Amiga, and I started contacting people from the Tilt
    Magazine for exchanging games..
    This was the era of the big demo, the "LCD demo". I started being fascinated
    by  these  demos, but  most of  all I was  fascinated by  the cracking  crew
    productions. I enjoyed  the groups  spirit. I started  being very impressed,
    not by the Replicants, but by the Bladerunners, very active on Paris.
    Honestly, 42 Crew  has been  the best  cracking crew  of the period, and the
    most mythic for me. I've never met them, but I wish I could have.
    With some Tilt contacts, we decided making a group called "Trash Section". I
    was listening  some hard rock music, and  my handle was Slayer. I was making
    some cracks. I was  working with  a former Amstrad cracker (I don't remember
    his handle), and it was very nice. The first true members of this group were
    Chronos and Ramses, some  tilt contacts. It was a friendly and almost family
    affair.
    We begun to be  known in Paris. We were  very modest., but very quickly many
    other members came into the group - serious members like Werewolf, Steprate.
    We made our  first "Trash Section Intro". If you look the intro compilations
    you'll find them.
    This was a  period when  we were  learning much. My  first contact  from the
    Replicants was  a proposal to  participate  in the  Replicants copy party in
    Douai. In that  party, lucky guy, I met all of them, but they did not really
    paid attention to  me. I met also TEX who were making the first soundtracker
    initiatives.
    I wanted  to  know some cracking  clues. I stole  some of  DOM's disks and I
    realized how fascinating it could be for someone to do what they were doing.
    At this  point, I decided  to be a  cracker, and to  prove to  all of them I
    could be one of the best.
    When I cracked my  first Rob Northern computing protection, I realized I was
    beginning to have a good level for cracking. I've been invited by some other
    Paris  cracking  groups  like "Les Nuls", or "The Masters". Our  competitors
    were lame groups like "Spectre".
    One day I met Eidolon  and (one of  the most important  day ever in my Atari
    life), Eidolon  organized a meeting  with  some "talented guys". These  guys
    were talented people and we decided to end Trash Section and to Form EQUINOX
    Equinox had a  good level of  cracking thanks to me, very good intros thanks
    to Krueger. We had  the level of  the Replicants (I'm not kidding), and some
    competitors like V8 made the same than us.
    There was much  competition. One day we decided to make our own "Union", and
    we allied with  our competitors V8 and Fallen Angels to make one of the most
    important group of this period, The Empire.
    Equinox was making  much demos, and I was  beginning to shift  more into The
    Empire because of  my cracking  activities. I left Equinox because they were
    forgetting me for their demos. I joined the Fallen Angels, but I was not ok.
    Very soon I joined The Masters for whom I made only one Crack.
    I was beginning to have many contacts all over the world.
    I was looking for a crew  with people at my level, and with the same passion
    for cracking. I contacted  Snake from the Replicants (I was already famous),
    by contacting Zae. Zae & Snake made me a member of the Replicants.
    It was a nice  period, I was  very friendly  with Snake. We  had interesting
    nice meeting with  Maxi, The Masters, sometimes Equinox. We all were a bunch
    of friends, and we all had the same dreams and all were talented people.
    The problem was that I was alone in Paris. So I could not meet them often. I
    was meeting more often Equinox members.
    We were  ruling the  cracking scene. Empire was no more a serious competitor
    (only one serious cracker, Yoda). I then  decided  with some  Italian people
    (that have money) to build  a group  called ICS. ICS was  built to  rule the
    cracking scene. I guess  it did  for a short time. Beginning of ICS was in a
    nice spirit. But I was caught  by the French police and then everybody knows
    what  became this  group: only  ruled by  money. Fuck  that  ICS was  a nice
    experience for me, because I had a love affair with Lady X from ICS, my cute
    Italian contact.
    I completely  stopped at the beginning of 1993, after some problems with the
    police.
    My only remaining contacts are  with Equinox.  I re-integrated  the group in
    2000, as an honorific member (see http://equinox.planet-d.net).
    We met in 2000 and ate together. Very nice moment.


ó4 - According to you, why did this group disapear? I mean: why so quickly?


    As I told you, the  Replicants problem  was that the Replicants members were
    all over  France, and did  not often  meet. Snake was  the federator  of all
    Replicants members  in fact. Without him, I guess the group would have ended
    very soon.
    The groups I love the most are respectively Equinox, Replicants and ICS.
    Equinox because they  were friends. Replicants because they were skilled and
    nice, with a  kind of  professional  behaviour, if you  see what I mean. ICS
    then because of my love affair, but also because it was my own creation.
    In fact there  was no big problems. Everybody  knew each  other, and  at the
    end, we  were  friends. Surprising? We  were competing  but  respecting each
    other.
    But I got some problems:
    With Arioch  from V8, I fought  in front of the "coconut" shop. He lost in a
    ridiculous way. He was  angry because I've been joking in an intro about his
    love affair (a girl that was not loving him). The girl's name was Patricia.
    He was greeting "Patou" in his intros.
    Everybody knew it was ridiculous  because she did  not care. As this guy was
    making problems to us, by insulting us in his intros, I wrote something like
    "Patou, ma jolie petite poupee gonflable", and  that made  him very angry...
    (note from EdO: you can translate this french sentence like: my cute plastic
    doll and stuff -> some guyz like this kind of "girl":o).
    Little Lulu is a lame big fat member  of ST Amigos. ST Amigos  was a network
    of US BBS's. This was  really a nasty, bad  person. Fuck Little Lulu. I went
    in San Francisco. She made  me much  problem. She  even called my parents to
    tell them bullshits  about me (stuff like  I was trying to have sex with her
    12 years daughter).
    Lady X told me after  that the truth is that she was loving me - and knowing
    she could not ever be with  me, she was behaving like a bitch. Strange human
    nature huh?
    Angel Face  from  Fallen  Angels  was  a  strange  person. I  guess  he  was
    responsible for some of my problems. Anyway this son of a bitch made his own
    company, and I so not know what he became.
    Problems with  Mr Fly, Lady X "official boyfriend". Well  he finally married
    with Lady X. No idea what they became, but what an adventure with them!.
    An Italian comedy!
    I may be a too nice  guy: I wish I  could meet  back all  of my former Atari
    contacts, even those who made me problems.
    I also am  very sad  for the  death of  Milan Bedov alias Elrik (I was still
    active on the scene) and Pascal De France alias Zarathustra (someone told me
    it many years after). Rest in peace. I loved you!


ó5 - You told me  you were  obliged to  stop your cracking career because of some
ó    problems you had ... Could you tell me more ?


    France Telecom  was concerned  by the  calling cards and blue box systems. I
    was arrested  in 1992. It was a  strange moment. Because cops were very nice
    with  me and  at the end  we almost left  friendly. They  have  never proved
    anything  about any phone calls made in the US. But they caught my modem and
    my hard drive.
    The hard drive  was encrypted, and  I gave them my password. But once again,
    there was no proof of anything illegal.
    Anyway I  decided to  succeed in my  career and  there was  enough with this
    cracking bullshits. I was  more giving  than  receiving. My  friends were in
    Equinox and  I lost contacts with the Replicants. So making my own group was
    not so worthy. I decided to stop.


ó6 - Some people crack games for money .... We call them lamers :o)
ó    What about you?


    Everybody has to know that almost all crackers I've ever known were cracking
    for the intellectual  interest of it. Not  for selling. It was like having a
    chess game with  the game  itself, with  people  you do not  even know (with
    experience, I made  many contacts  in software  companies  also, like Mcoder
    with Ocean).
    It was also a time when games were rarely  of good quality, honestly. And so
    I've fought personnaly against that matter. I do not joke if I tell you that
    the "Mudpies" game was about 60 euros in the shops!
    Nowadays, games  quality is  higher. There is  really more artistic work and
    efforts behind. I'm no more a student, I've means, and so I do not feel like
    the need of  cracking games. I'm  almost  against in  fact. It's  influenced
    because I'm a manager in an software edition company, maybe.
    Now I think  internet (for  instance  MP3 download) is giving back to people
    some power (disc companies  do they work for authors? Don't they make enough
    money?). Surprised?
    I live in present and future and I consider I can do a better, bigger action
    on a wider  domain in  making some  kind of business around the internet. It
    can be a legal one.


ó7 - For you, what reminds the word "Atari"?

    Atari is a golden period for me in my life: friends, trips, talented people,
    very short but passioned love...
    It is also long  time spent  in playing "Gauntlet" in  the cafe  close to my
    home. It brought  me much, I wish  Atari and computing in general will bring
    me much in my life, still.
    Atari is  the symbol  of the  never ending  community still fighting for its
    existence. A symbol of love and of many regrets. I wish it will not last and
    grow up into something more "alive".
    Do you understand?


ó8 - Sure I do! Do you know the Atari scene is still active?


    Nope! I wish I know. Contact me all of you Atari sleeping people! Wake up!


ó9 - Many people  are still  talking about  you on  Internet .... How do you feel
ó    after these 10 years? Happy to be a star? ;o)


    Thank you.
    I regret that people  talk about us in the past. I still am the Illegal that
    people loved or hated so much.
    I feel sad when  I see that  Atari is a  community whose main federator (the
    Atari Corp) is dead. I wish  that some  people make  Atari live again like a
    Phenix.
    Beyond this, my  wildest dream  would be to  build some kind of company with
    some former  Atari people. And build  the future. I  guess this  dream  will
    never happen. Who  knows, anyone  courageous  enough on earth  would be fool
    enough to give it a try?
    The fact  is that I  feel I  succeeded alone  in my life, in my own personal
    career,  becoming  a  software  company  director. But  I  dream  of  making
    something serious, in group, like in the past, with some passioned people.
    Do you think it can be possible?


ó10. How will be your  future in computer stuff? Some former  Atari scene members
ó    did some come-back on  this scene and  even on some new scene (the GBA scene
ó    for example). Could you  come back  as a coder  or did  you really stop this
ó    activity?


    I've stopped coding, but I still feel close to people developing.
    I want to build  something, with some talented people. I imagine myself as a
    builder for the software world.


ó11. Last Word?


    Greetings yes!
    They go to: Equinox, The Union, (esp Replicants), ICS, Empire, Silver Surfer
    Freddy "Caribou" and all friends.
    Do not hesitate to contact me, all over the world. Send me your projects and
    money!


ó12. Note from EdO: the last word will be from me :o) Only 2 things to say:

ó    "Cracking is good for You" - "Enjoy the Violence, the Replicants rules"

ó    Enjoy the golden days and see you in a next UCM!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
