
Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 INTERVIEW with:                       COINCIDENCE and MISUNDERSTANDING/IMAGINA
Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello again to another part  of the "Interviews with Ex-IMAGINA-members"-series!
As it happened  that IMAGINA  was one  of my  fave bands  on  STE I'm  very very
interested in the truth :-)...



ÒUCM: Hello Misunderstanding. [iCEBREAKER ONE] How are you?

MIS: Hello I'm fine. After  finishing  a master in  Computer Science I have been
     working as a  programmer for  4 years now. Primarly as a web developer. Now
     I'm  working  for the  biggest Norwegian  newspaper (http://www.vg.no) as a
     programmer and I'm  enjoying it  very much. Life is generally good and live
     together with my girlfriend in our flat here in Oslo.

COI: I'm also  fine, working as a  Technical  director of  company  dealing with
     Cellular phones  and  Sms. Together  with  two  other strange  characters I
     started  this  company  soon  two  years ago... Telitas  is the name of the
     company, and  http://www.biip.no is the web site... DIZZY TUNES is actually
     working in  the same company. And  it's been  really great  to have contact
     with  him on  a  steady basis. He is  one  of those  friends I always think
     about, so I was really happy to offer him a job. Basically I am doing a lot
     of programming and planning.
     He is making Ringtones and stuff and is responsible for all of the content.
     Life is good, working out and  relaxing with my  girlfriend in the evenings
     and weekends. Me and MIS meet a few  times a month  doing something. (F.ex.
     beer, playing games etc.)



ÒUCM: So [iCEBREAKER TWO] please tell us a  bit of your computer  history (I hope
Ò     I won't  bore people  out there  with this  question :-)... So  how did you
Ò     start computing and when did you became a member of the demoscene?

MIS: It started when I was 12 and got myself a C-64. I was very  fascinated with
     technical  things and the  basic on the C-64 was very intriguing. I started
     to write in the examples from the C-64 book to get  them to run. After that
     I tried modifying everything until I figured out what was going on.
     COINCIDENCE bought an Atari after he went to buy an Amiga in  the store and
     the said hey, why don't you buy an Atari it's cheaper and just as good. The
     he persuaded me (it actually involved some physical arguments :) to  buy an
     Atari. So I started naturally with GFA-basic. We started making  some games
     in GFA. The classic  Maniac Games  that was  never finished  and a  Dungeon
     Master clone  that wasn't  even close  to be  finished. At this  time I was
     doing the programming and Coincidence the graphics. We were very fascinated
     with the demo scene and we tried to learn assembler.
     I tried to buy a book but it  sucked and  I gave up. COINCIDENCE bought the
     book that was the best (Atari Internals or something) and after he finished
     reading it, I was able to learn assembler.
     Since we never knew many people  that programmed, all our rutines were self
     made. We just had to guess how other  people did it. This  usually involved
     me programming an insanly complex version that worked but was very slow.
     Then  COINCIDENCE  made a  faster and simpler  one and  eventually  we made
     things that were near  optimal. My first assembler routine was a raster bar
     which was just some horizontal lines that nearly took one VBL. When Wizzcat
     looked at it he went wow. And I don't think the wow was entirely positive.
     Anyways since we were  kids we  didn't  know the  math  involved for vector
     rotation. So I took an  example from Gfa basic  which I couldn't understand
     and converted it to assembler. This is the  routine that we  used in all of
     our demos. And it's not vector rotation, it actually rotates all the points
     with the full  formula (12 muls) since I never figured  out the vector part
     in the example. After that we  had much  fun coding  and  we met some nutty
     norwegians named IMAGINA that welcomed us  to the crew  and learned us some
     secrets about coding assembler (most of all the secret of REPT). After that
     we made some demos. Well COINCIDENCE made  most of  them anyway since I was
     also focused on school and I played basketball at that time.
     I made an intro for the  IMAGINA/DELTA FORCE party  and I made a demo which
     involved a jumping reindeer (Systematic error).
     I remember  making a  routine with  3 transparent circles  for an  intro or
     something. At  this  time I was  17 or 18 (that was in 1991) and  the Atari
     scene was  fading. No more  games and  the first  Pentium came. COINCIDENCE
     never gave up on the dream of making a shoot'em'up but  he had big problems
     getting  the graphics  for the  game. At this  time I  gave up on Atari and
     stopped using any  computer exept  in school. When I finished school I went
     to the military service where I coded a vector intro for COINCIDENCEs game.
     It got finished but the game was never completed.

COI: At first, MIS was the programmer  of the two. I hadn't  really thought much
     about it before he made some dorkey basic  games on the 64. But then again,
     it really got me interested in the magic the lay behind it.
     You write a few lines of some tricky language, and woops you've got an ugly
     basketball beeing steered by the joystick. COOL eh?
     Then as MIS writes, we got the book, read a lot, sweared a LOT, tried a LOT
     and suddenly we started getting quite good at making things fly around.
     What MIS had in complexity I had in simple solutions that worked. We were a
     good  team, discussing  problems  and  tried  our  different  solutions and
     fulfilled them.
     My best demo was the Cozmic Jam demo where  I made an Inconvex routine with
     stipling/shading which I am still quite proud and astonished about. To this
     day I can't understand how I made it..   :)
     These are some of my  demos: Cozmic Jam, KulturMelk, Explotion and at least
     10 more I don't remember. Then after a while the Atari scene went limp, and
     I lost the interest together with MIS.



ÒUCM: One of my favourite questions to former IMAGINA-members is... WHAT THE HELL
Ò     HAS HAPPENED back  in  the  days? From  one  day  to  another  the crew was
Ò     vanished from Atariland.

MIS: Well we were young and loved electronic music. One day we went to a  Cosmic
     Baby party and  started raving. It was  the music that  attracted us to the
     arrangements. What we didn't  know was that  it was a lot of drugs at these
     parties. Well, we  found  that  out  eventually  and  had  an expand of our
     horizon with  psycedelic experiences period (it was  mostly  acid). After a
     while  it  got  more  and  more  intense and I lost interest because of the
     people that was  attracted to the scene. And I had other things to do other
     than partying. COI just broke up with his girlfriend, lost his  job and was
     broke. By a series of  coincidences he ended up  taking his  partying to an
     other level (think  freak  brothers). At this  time we  lost contact  for a
     couple of years  until we got  contact again. I went  to the University and
     got my degree. COI got himself  a PC and learned to  program Delphi and the
     Clarion. Now we  stay away from drugs (we never took any hard stuff, it was
     mostly Extacy and Acid) and lead normal lifes.

COI: Well, we just didn't  vanish from  Atariland.. I just vanished. Flying into
     a wild period of houseparties and you know what... This  lasted until I one
     day grew up... Got  a real job, working  and basically  started my "Normal"
     life again. A crazy period, but also  a period  of learning and discovering
     unknown things about  oneself. But, every now and  then I think  of both of
     these periods of my life..
     These two are actually the most important times of my life this far. Thanks
     to everybody for beeing a part of the points with the full formula it!! And
     thank's for all the letters I got!



ÒUCM: How many members had IMAGINA and can you remember them all?

MIS: Mistake : Was GFX man and coder, is now a programmmer and DJ
     D-Jan: Was GFX man, is now an painter or something like that. He's actually
            makin' logos for COI's company.
     P-nut: Was a coder, is now a games programmer I think.
     Outzider: Was a musician, makes  radio adverts  and  celular  phone ringing
            tunes.
     Lt. Earwax: Was a musician, has now a PhD in physics I think.
     Dizzy tunes: Was a musician, makes celular phone ringing tunes.
     Henning: (I remember only his real name): Coded s ome utilities, was at the
            university at the same time as me. Maybe he got a PhD?
     Nerve: Was a swapper has started a Linux company.

     There are some more that I couldn't remember.



ÒUCM: What are you and other IMAGINA members are doing nowadays?

MIS: We are doing fine. No worries. The last  year we have gotten better contact
     with many of the old members. It is very fun remembering the old times.



ÒUCM: Are there  any plans for a  comeback? I heard you recovered some of the old
Ò     Imagina sources for unreleased productions? Is that true?

MIS: Yupp, I played around with Steem and got really inspired. So I found my old
     discettes and tried to recover things. I thought everything was lost, but I
     found a lot of  code. The intro  for the shoot'em'up  was one thing I found
     and it actually  looked nice. So I  thought I could  brush up the intro and
     release it some time.

COI: I'm actually waiting for DIZZY TUNES to get me some sourcecode he has lying
     around. One with  7500 stars  flying through  space. Blew the head of those
     who has seen it. Don't  think it  will blow  someones head  anymore, but it
     would still be cool to release it.



ÒUCM: Brainstorming! Just  write  down  what comes  to your  mind  when you  read
Ò     following words.

COI:

A.miga - Blitter, slow processor.
B.rainiacs - Hmmm
C.ozmic Jam - Three or four months of hard work.
D.elta Force - Alot of hacks.
E.lectronic Images - Games
F.alcon - Atari Bankrupt
G.igabyte Crew - Hacks
H.ardscrolling - Sync
I.CC2 - Copyparty Demo
J.oysticks - IK +
K.ultur Melk - My first STE demo
L.ost Boys - Great demo's
M.aggie - Cool reading
N.erve - Ehhh
O.outzider - Moslem Avenger (Makes you think eh?)
P.irates (Software) - Fun
Q.uadralien - Ehhhh
R.ave-o-lution - Mods
S.ystematic Error - Cool demo, strange guy
T.echno - Extacy
U.nlimited Matricks - ehhh
V.entura Demo - ehhh
W.izzcat - Hallo Bitcha!
X.plotion - My second demo
Y.esterday (was it better?) - Life has just started
Z.Buffer - Sorting method

MIS: Those memories, those memories. I remember the time  when the TLB ruled and
     they released the megademo with the 3D game with a ship  flying around in a
     landscape. And the ULM megademo. Those were the times.



ÒUCM: Any last words for the sceners out there?

MIS: Well I must  say the  same thing  about  Atariland as  they say  about dead
     persons that you  love: Atariland will never die  as long as we  keep those
     memories alive in our heads. rt of the points  with the full formula Nobody
     can take  that away  from us. Remember to live the life  in the present and
     try to stop once in a while, and enjoy your life.

COI: I agree, Atariland is  in our  hearts.. (And my brain :) ) Life have  to be
     lived forwards, but will always be understood backwards!

Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 MC Laser/The Sirius Cybernetics Corporation             [ mc_laser@atari.org ]

Ò--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             http://tscc.atari.org
