ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   Where are they now? Part 2: NEW TREND
ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello together, to moondog's second excurs in the Atari scene history, trying to
dig out some old  sceners, not to  reanimate them, but to check out what they're
doing nowadays, and  ofcourse also to  present you  some people that some of you
maybe only know  from hear'n'say or  maybe even never heard of at all since they
vanished from the screen before you even didn't started computing at all...

After I digged out the band CRUOR last time, that was thought to start with this
series since it wasn't a big band without too big history, I started some bigger
project this  time, since I  took the german  band NEW TREND this time, and here
there is much more to say and write about.
So don't wonder about a lot of crosslinks in this article that will guide you to
parts of this article since it would be senseless to mix up all in one article.
If you wonder why  you didn't found the  linked articles in the main menu so the
reason is quite  simple. Since all  those articles have to be seen in connection
with  this one it would be dull  to present them  as stand alone  ones since you
maybe don't see the connection to the other ones then.

Ok... enough of this crap... let's start the things!

ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Maybe some of you  that are active  on Atari machines since more than only a few
years remember  the band  NEW TREND that  was one of the leading german bands on
Falcon in the beginning of the Falcon scene back in 1993.
But NEW TRENDs  roots are laying  a lot more back  since NEW TREND as label only
exists since 1992, but  was just  a new name  for an old  band, that was  called
THE SILVERBULLET FORCE, short SBF.

The Beginning...
ó----------------

This band, SBF, was founded  somewhen in the  late  eighties, early nineties but
never matched  it to make  some breakthrough. It  consisted  of the two brothers
Florian and Justus Becker, aka Mr.Bond and Ice Cube and  The Muffin Man. The 1st
was responsible for the code, the second took over the  job of the grafician and
the third one, TMM, was  doing sample  works and  module musix. Later on another
coder  joined their  lines, somewhen  in 199o or 1991, he  even doesn't remember
right today itself. His name was Juergen Baeckmann, aka Dragon.

The band released a bunch of smaller and even larger demos and intros, such as a
compilation together with another german underground team called FORNIZ (or so?)
featuring small demos they've done. Another bigger release was the SBF Partydemo
that was released in  1991. All those releases had one thing in common: the band
didn't matched  it to reach a bigger community since  the productions always had
the  style of a, let me  say, third  class coding team. Sorry  to say so, but in
comparison with other demos and compiles released in 1991 it wasn't astonishing.

The only reasonable  releases were  some intro's  for other groups, such as AURA
(intro for Celtik's 2nd Tekkno compile) and  VECTRONIX (intro for Trex Warrior),
as well as some intro's that matched it to be packed to the ANIMAL MINE's GSC's,
a legendary compact disk series.

Maybe this  problem, that the band was moving around  in the  german underground
only, was the reason for them, to change something...

But before we start the things, here some (incomplete) discography...

1991 - SBF Compile 1 (containing the SBF Sound demo)
1991 - SBF Partydemo
1991 - Crack Intro for Vectronix' "Trex Warrior", coded by Mr. Bond
1992 - Intro for "AURA Tekkno Compile 2", coded by Mr. Bond


The rise of NEW TREND...
ó------------------------

This  very unpleasant  situation, to  stuck in  the  underground, maybe  was the
driving force for them to change  something on that situation and since not many
people knew the band SBF maybe the best way to try again, was to took a new name
as well as some slogan... And to change  the memberstatus  a bit, since  TMM was
vanished as the band changed it's name.

So NEW TREND was  born, coming along with the slogan "No ripped code, grafix and
musix". This was in 1992 and they underlined this slogan with the release of the
"TRAGEDY FOR YOU" megademo, an unusual megademo, since  it didn't  had the usual
main menu but shows one  screen after another. I wouldn't say that this megademo
was a killer demo, but it was far beyond the things they have released under the
SBF label. With the help of Celtik of AURA they also matched it to give the demo
a completely original soundtrack.

Another reasonable release in 1992 was the "EASY WRITER" compile, featuring some
programs and demos written under NEW TREND as well as the SBF label. It featured
the "EASY WRITER" (an  intro maker  by Dragon), "BLODDY RUN" (a small game, also
by Dragon) and the never released screen for the ANIMAL MINE megademo.

But as you remember maybe, the time was already changing, esp. since DELTA FORCE
claimed in MAGGIE that the  ST scene was  dying. Over night the whole consisting
scene mixed up  completely. Many groups disappeared, esp. as the Falcon appeared
on the horizon. So NEW TREND  seemed to be a bit late to install some remarkable
style in the already dying scene... and they were able to  do so, since with the
drawing style  of Ice Cube, who  was one of the first  graffity pixel artists on
the ST scene, the NEW TREND releases had some own and origin touch.
But they matched it to survive anyway...

Here we have some pixels by ICE CUBE...

{*i dkb.pi1 l 0 20 0 199}


The Falcon years...
ó-------------------

After the  FRIED BITS 1993, the break down  of the german ST scene  was giving a
lot of coders free and so also NEW TREND matched it to catch one. It was Mr. Pee
of THE CYCLEMASTERS, another  german underground  band, that matched it to reach
at least the second row of the german ST scene, esp. since they joined the short
living ELECTRICITY alliance.

Together  with Mr. Pee who  took a new nick, Lig Lury, they  went to  the Falcon
since there  seemed not  much to  rescue on the ST scene and the Falcon was some
virgin system without hard  scene structures and  without any standards set. And
so NEW TREND, after they  stucked in  the underground for several years, finally
matched it to make it's breakthrough, in a  new scene, while  others disappeared
and didn't matched it to jump onto the train that was going faster and faster.

Their first big  success was the  2nd place at the 68oXo Convention, held in the
summer of 1993. There they have released their "When Dreams Become Reality" demo
that took the second place after LAZER's "Warum" in the Falcon competition. Even
if the demo wasn't a real breaker, it was going on with the same style that they
had invented for their  last ST productions. After  all this demo was one of the
first multipart demos done on the Falcon.

It doesn't took too long untill  their second Falcon demo  saw the light of day,
but in some  way it seemed  already to  show the end  of NEW TREND. Its name was
"Strange Circumstances" and it was given in 2 demo competitions. Yes, you've red
right here... It was given into the competition of the Dresden Coding Convention
1994, held in February, and had won the first place, a JAGUAR console.
A slightly improved version  was given 2 months later into the Fried Bits 2 demo
competition. There it made only the 4th place.
There are  several reasons  for this, so at one surely  the fact, that this demo
was shown to several people  already in Dresden  and at second Mr.Bond announced
in the endpart of the  demo, that he want's to leave the Atari scene to join the
PC scene. This forced the people to give the demo not the best ratings...

Anyway, you can also  red some small  reviews of  both demos if you're following
the link below...

>---> NEW TREND Falcon productions <---<                                          {*\NTFALCON.TXT}

The beginning of the ending...
ó------------------------------

Yes... That it was... Mr.Bond left  the Falcon scene  and NEW TREND  right after
the FRIED BITS 2 and suddenly the whole band disappeared and while  LIG LURY was
appearing  here and there on several Atari meetings, the band was falling asleep
for longer  time. This  is very  strange since  LIG LURY was  the driving  force
behind the two Falcon demos.

Only one thing brought back the name NEW TREND, but only for short time, 2 years
later. It was Dragon, who had created the marvellous game  engine for the Falcon
shot'em'up  project  "X-Moon". Unfortunately this  project died  because several
other involved people lost their interest or  had no time to support it more and
so in late 1996 the project was already dead.

Since this was the last project  of NEW TREND members on  Atari we can call them
dead already at this time.

The end...
ó----------

Since 1997 the band is dead as Atari team and the single members lost contact to
each other. Lig Lury joined forces with  LoST of Inter, to bring  a game project
on OS/2 on the way, called "Semtex" that is a Dynabusters clone. It was released
in late 1998 as shareware.

Dragon was going its own way, creating some big scheduler on Windows system that
he's still developing.

Lig Lury created lately  the NEW TREND web page in  the year 2ooo, unfortunately
he seems to have lost the interest  in completing this  web presence since it is
still missing some features and wasn't updated since it was installed.

Ice Cube surely left the Atari and computing scene at all already after the last
NEW TREND demo. I didn't found  any email adress of him, but since he was member
of a grafitti posse  I matched it to  find some artwork made  by him in the net,
since he created a big artwork for a local shop in his hometown.

To find out more about  the current destination  of NEW TREND I tried to contact
the members, esp. the  coders, but I didn't  got responses of  all of them. So I
just have two interviews to follow... Check the links below...

>---> Interview with Dragon of NEW TREND <---<                                    {*\DRAGON.TXT}
>---> Interview with Lig Lury of NEW TREND <---<                                  {*\LIGLURY.TXT}

Mr.Bond didn't replied to my email so far. If I will get  something by him later
I will release it with  the next issue of  UCM. But since it was already 3 weeks
ago that I mailed him and  I didn't got even a reply that he has got the mail, I
really doubt that  he will answer all the questions there... Unfortunately he is
the only one  who can tell  us more about  Ice Cube's  destination since they're
brothers...

Before the final words, let's bring the (incomplete as well) softographie...

1992 - Tragedy For You - megademo for ST
1992 - Bloody Run - game for ST
1992 - New Trend Easywriter - intro maker for ST
1992 - Animal Mine Megademo Guestscreen - screen for ST
1993 - When Dreams Become Reality - demo for Falcon
1993 - DSP Documentations - docs for Falcon
1994 - Strange Circumstances - demo for Falcon
1996 - game engine for XMoon - shot'em'up game on Falcon


Final words...
ó--------------

NEW TREND's history didn't got much highlights. On ST the band didn't matched it
to make a real break through since the ST scene was already  catched by the hand
of death as NEW TREND started their fight for a better position in the scene.
They have brought us a bunch of demos, intros and stuff for the ST  but only die
hard freaks  will remember  them nowadays  since there never  was a real breaker
released by them.

On Falcon they belonged to the pioneers, creating some of the first Falcon demos
ever, but unfortunately the  split of the band and the following inactivities of
the rest of the members, had hold them back before  they were able  to install a
longer lasting presence in the young Falcon scene.

Unfortunately the most promising project which included the works of a member of
NEW TREND, the game project "X-Moon" died before it's final  release. Today this
game preview is  surely the most  known release where  a member of NEW TREND was
involved at  all. Only die hard  Falcon freaks will  remember  their two  Falcon
demos since they weren't state of the art for  longer time and overruled already
short time after they were released.

Some positive statement has to be made about the quitting of NEW TREND since the
band vanished without announcing some  projects and stuff. The most  other bands
took a lot of rumours with  into their graves, but not NEW TREND. They just have
released their second demo and disappeared, also giving hints about their future
(so all members  that were  staying active  on computers went  to the PC) and so
all people were informed and the rumours kitchen closed down.

Finally, all I wanted  to do with this article  is to bring  some light into the
history of a band that vanished many years ago and to remember to some guys that
supported the scene many  times before us. I also  wanted to bring it  closer to
the younger  sceners of the  nowadays scene, to show  them of  some roots of our
scene. I hope you  enjoyed reading this  article and maybe  you're interested to
find out some more about NEW TREND. So download their old demos and see what was
done in the first years of the Atari Falcon scene...

.tSCc.                                                          moondog . o3/2k2
ñ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
