--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       ...UNDERCOVER REALTIME ARTICLE...
                        
                        ...sometimes they come back...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Friday - 15:oo - moondog

REALTIME article up and running... so I hope for your heavy contributions... :)

15.12
Greetings!!

This is John (Asteroid) from the Maggie team UK.  This ST has a very tired
keyboard!!  I keep hitting Z instead of Y as its a German layout!!

I came here yesterday by plane. More and more people seem to be arriving,
lots of place names for lots more people yet to come, looks like it will
be very crowded!!!                               


15:somewhat
Hello folks, this is mOdmate/CheckPoint on the keys. I arrived 2 hours ago
together with Guillaume, a French Atari-freak. The partyplace is as great as it
was two years ago. The people are great as well, but the list of participatiants
is not complete yet. I hope they all find it really easy! 

Anyone: What's the sense of a realtime-article when the magazine of it is dead?

Tradition?

16:oo moondog

not tradition, just for fun...


16:20 The Sirius Cybernetics Corp. (mcl, dyna, scy) arrived!!!

17:oo soso... un' wo is der rest?!  moondog

17:20 Mad Butscher / F2 arrived. If you want to drive fast to a party try
      to get ride of cars with number HU-YN 531
      
      MB/F2
      
17:30 HU? Hungary?! Haupt-Untersuchung?

17:35 Spion/Escape is without any doubts a _great_ chappo! mOdmate

17-56 Mr.XY has already time to mention his arrival !

18:31 It is a somewhat crowded in the swedish chambers so I think I'll
      wait with unpacking for a while.
      /PeyloW

18.45 the Swedish guys are unpacking their stuff, and someone has done the
mother of all farts, hey not even I fart that bad!!! /asteroid

18.50. CiH and the Maggie Team automotive whiteout posse touch down in 
sunny/snowy/raining Dresden (Choose one..) Bringing Creature XL and Nut
on the way.. More later, but emotions of profound relief and unloading
must follow first. Large scale alcohol fumes coming from the vicinity of
John Hayward...

18:55 the first batch of Frenchies has reached Germany and already met some good
friends ! Btw german keyboards shouldn't be allowed... Zerkman and Stg are lost
somewhere out there.... suckerZZZZZZZZ....... sts for first stupid words

2o:1o i'm tormenting neochrome again, first time since a longer break... and
hum... dunno if it makes some sense... moondog

20:25

Mighty Baggio on the keys now. Me and Evl just ordered a party-size pizza...
mmm....lots of fat-vitamine :) Seems to be alot of cool people here allready,
although i'm still missing a few, like some of the Dutchmen. Ah well, i'll
probably write some more crap later.

20.28. CiH and the Burgertastic posse return from their food seeking mission,
the vokda tasting mission is to follow a bit later....

20:40

hey there, Felice is now here :)
Not quite sure if I'll be drinking the vodka here, but I shall certainly take
some bottles home with me :)

Over and out...

21.12: This is going really quickly. I remember there is an Undercover 
tradition for losing the first days worth of text. Wonder if it is going to
be repeated he... ”Ž™„„ggh!

The keyboard is the choice of strange people down the ages ššššššš!!!

 CiH

11.28 What the hell hasn't happened to this realtime article! It's been two
hours since the last update - by me!!

It isn't as though the party is dead either, as the bulk of the people that
made it to the original EIL have made it here, and the party atmosphere is
well and truly fizzing, which is what this spaciously weird ambient synth
track playing on the big speakers seems to be doing at the minute.

Have the courage of your fingers, and write something now!! And damn this
german kezboard!!

 CiH (again...)
 
11.35

Chillin' out nicely (in the words of the song by Crash Test Dummies) after
the drive down to Dresden earlier on. We're waiting for my VCR and other bits 
and pieces to make it across to EIL now :)

Felice.

12 pm ... time for some cold "mukkefuck" :)  moondog

1:15 sts back on the damm german keys !  
    we have been drinking vodka and other stuff and the atmosphere is as
    cool as two years ago tho some ppl are claimed missing :( Yet real atari
    freaks are here and deserve a huge HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIi!!!!!!
    
1:3o hmmm... the article is growing very slowly... but anyway, the party is as
     least as great as EIL 99 so far... the rooms are filled with a lot of Atari
     people... and I'm a bit tired already... moondog, yawn...
     
01.50 (Too dark to see the time!) CiH at the vodka soaked keyz here....
Got trapped with Grey.... No further explanashionzzzz needed. And damn this
german kezboard again!!!!!!

02.40 Still Alive, juszzzt... Jury is out on Grey though...

CiHchchchc..

2:5o hehe, german key's rockin'  ... but it's time to search for my sleepingbag
     now... a damn tired moondog
     
05:15 just a few people awake now... zpq was the hardest from the swedish
      section, spending a whole night with chatting in irc with someone
      in the internetroom upstairs.. hehe..  joecool is searching his
      key as always.. and madbutscher is impressing falconusers with
      xe-demos.. the froggies are playing a ymca-mp3..  so to conlude,
      everything is pretty usual.. :-)
      quite a quiet night however, seems as most people want
      to be prepared for the following nights.. blablablabla..
      nils
      
07.55 Just sobered up enough to stop wanting to sleep on the floor anymore.

 CiH.
 
8:22  back from the death... or better from my cold grave outside in the car :)
      it seemed as there didn't happened much here... but I recognized some
      dutch car on the backdoor... so the klompendansers are finally arrived?!
      moondog
      
8.33 After 13 hours here, i finally found this realtime article, damn i'm
     getting too old... I mostly need some sleep as it's already 25 hours
     i'm up :) Nice to be here anyway, it's a cool place yith cool people!

 stghost

8:40 FUN-Crew Arrived.. The Match / Havoc / D-Force.
     And as Moondog says "The Klompendansers" :)) We're trying to find
     a suitable place for our equippment right now, but allmost all of the 
     space is taken by other people. Nice to see that there are many many
     people. Now hope that some nice productions will be produced.
     D-Force / FUN
     
08.50 - I trust Havoc brought the rest of our gear with him, no fun sleeping
on the floor when all around you in the sleeping room have got airbeds and
I've got none.....

 CiH (The Eezi-inflatable version.)
 
9.something

just woke up. I was the first person to sleep in the art room, now there was
9 or 10 people there when I got up.  Kinda scary as I can see no faces, just 
feet sticking out, the place looks like a morgue!! Asteroid


10:30 Since some time there is an english Crash/Police Video running on the
  projection.And it sucks alot. Its not interesting, its not funny,
  its just costs nerves.
  
10.32 Damn, I forgot what I was going to say!

Felice sourced "Police-Stop-Carnage!" video running on the big screen. Sure
we saw this stuff at the Siliventure last year...

 CiH ("He's crashed, he's crashed!!")
 
11:03 i'm back from the obi market... damn, that city is stuffed with people
      and cars... good to be back in that stinky cellars ;) moondog
      
12:25 OVer an hour no writing on the RealTime article, what a lame party
 partitioners.
 
12:4o yes... so traditions seem to die as well :(  moondog

12:42 FUN - Team is leaving to town. Trying to buy some FOOD !!!!!!
      D-Force
      
12:something D-Fuck should shut up actually. It's about ten minutes later now, 
      the snowstorm hasn't gone yet, and we're still inside not doing anything 
      useful. Anyway, some retard has decided to use a german ST for the
      realtime article, which will probably mean that any sane foreigner
      will stop trying to enter stuff here within minutes after the first
      attempt. BTW, a *completely* functional keyboard would be nice too.
      
      Voor de rest kaas en worst.
      
      Sincerely,
      
      Havoc.
      
13:00 Yeah! Connected my Falcon to the local network -> got Internet access!
      This parallel port ethernet adapter really rocks! :-)
      - Thothy -
      
13.30 People are still making music on trackers. And "highlights" of the
Symposium '96 trip to Hamburg are on the big screen. I'll probably have the
words "Symposium '96" on my dying breath. Was it really five years ago all
that happened? Not all things get worse, the nearer we are to the present,
the scene parties have got a lot better since then.

CiH

13:42 some strange video made on the symposium party 1996 is displayed on the
      big screen atm... it's hard to remember to me, esp. the dull music in
      the background while showing the pc 4 k intros... moondog
      
Only a little moment after that... mOdmate on the keys (again?). Creature XL 
wants the sprites of Turrican on his XL, so Flash/tnb and me try hard to 
convert them. First I ripped the sprites out of the game with an emulator, 
then Flash was  converting them to ST and playing a bit with them around. 
But hell, it looks all so crappy in a resolution of 12x24 and 5 colors! We 
were really disappointed about the results. So now we are checking out the 
sprites in some XL-games on Mad Butscher's 8 bit to see how to paint 
sprites in this lousy resolution...     

14:00 there are now heavy snow falls outside...maybe we'll be all stuck
here for some days after the party ? :) 
exocet


14:06 Hey - realtime. I wonder why only computers with either damaged,
dirty, filthy or french keyboards are being used for realtime articles.
This space bar and the return key could do with some polishing up. ;-)
Anyway, it's nice to be here and type a few things into the realtime
article. And most fortunately, the frenchies in our grotto are not
playing YMCA currently either. ;-)
Back to coding.
The Paranoid

15:00 Hujuj, Icepack crunching away. Relaxing with a beer among swedes and
polish people. Having a great time in general /PeyloW

15:02 Mmmmm.... Chip song is finished now, and it sounds like someone
flusing a toilet :) (Yes, it's going to take part in the competition anyway).
Right now i'm focusing on drinking beer and chat with all the scene-people
that are here. I've seen some of the falcon demos that will be shown tomorrow
and they look amazingly good. Ah well, time to let someone else use this
fancy computer with a fucked up keyboard-layout. Mighty Baggio / Wildfire

15:55 the first entry since nearly one hour... :(  but I want to mention that
i managed it to jump over my shadow now and I'm a proud owner of a 14 mb falcon
now... so be prepared, even if you code 14 mb demos now, they don't match it
to stay away from moondog's critical eyes :)

16:45... and again 5o mins later, my sc 1224 fucked up completely a few mins
ago... coz' of a french demo... that says all :)  moondog

16:46 Might take a toddle down to the station to get some air. It sounds like
the shops will not be open either tomorrow or Monday, that should not be too
much of a problem though as we have food here. ;) Just had a nice pizza too.
;)

Felice.

16.56. CiH back on after a couple of hours of downtime, and cunningly 
arranging the sleeping room so his stuff looks like it has belonged in there
all the time that the party has been running.

Ahhh, Badge!!!

17.56. Just discovered this realtime article and thought it's time 
to write something. Just one day before the convention I got ill and now 
I'm sitting here with a hot head and lots of nukus running out of my nose.
So this keyboard is the least of my problems. milhouse

17:57 I've just spotted a "Brotkasten" argllll.


18:15 hmmm... I must reassemble my ideas since my SC1224 fucked up... dunno
how to go on with the finish of UCM # 21 atm.... grmbl... thanx to Joe Cool
for lending me an old graffity-sprayed sm124, it does at least a small part of
the job... :/  laters.   moondog

18:30 well well.. there will be only 4, and if havoc manages to repaint
      his pic, 5 entries in all 3 gfx-compos. quite poor for that many
      visitors..  that means we will throw the compos together and show
      which pic was meant for what compo..  hmm.. i hope there will be
      a better creativity from the demoside of life tomorrow..
      nils
      
18.45 Chairless whispers! I don't think we're meant to stoop like this
somehow! Put the seat back now!
CiH

18.46 Everyone is busy at work, and demos and other programas are coming 
along. The reservior Gods still writing more chip music!!


asteroid

19:05 After having been awoken during 37 hours, I'm beginning to feel a
little bit tired :)
I think this party is the first international party I'm participating, with
a significant number of people from each country of the scene.
At the PMP, there was only one Swedee, at sv2k, only two frenchies and one 
Germ, at STNICCC, nobody at all from the country of penguins.
This party really rules, there are so many Poles, Swedes, Dutchies, Germs,
Frenchies and people from other countries too !
There is a really good mood here, I won't forget this !

Zerkman*Sct1.

19:42 huuuu... doing screenshots sucks... moondog

20.29 My STe, the original machine I purchased, the same day that I discovered
Maggie lies with its guts open. The power supply took a decision to go 
'intermittent' during the journey down here, so healing hands and soldering
irons sit in close attendance... Meanwhile, I sit and wait...

CiH

20.35 Well Chris, at least you know John's hands are safe - unlike someone
else I could mention - in fact I will mention - some dickhead called Atarimad,
who reckons he's part of the scene when he's done absolutely shit.
At least Carbon should get the message now that he should stay away ...

Felice.

21.14 Attaboy Rich, use an unrelated and unaware forum for your private
arguments! Is anyone else going to know what you are talking about here?

On the more relevant news front, John H. has successfully restored the
power supply, my cherished old STe functions once again!

CiH (it is late, and the light of obscurity glows brightly in my eyes!)

22:05 i'm fucking tired and hope for a fast start of the competitions... moondog

22:06 Moondog, drink some muggefugg, maybe it will help you...

22:08 Swedish lesson 1 (by tam): olla. olla is a verb. It's (AiOs birthday).


22.11 CiH's one-off special diskmag "Ascii Nation" rocks!!!
pictures fashioned from symbols as often done by Jody and Matt Smith.

Could this be something new in the making? 


Simon Osborne seems a nice bloke when I met him at Utrect at STNICC2000 but 
I have heard hes been known to be a calamity when near PC's innards, oh well. :)

Arrgghhh!!!  When the first computers came out, did the French and Germans think
"I know lets put all the grammatical symbols in a different place for fun?" 
its a real pain in the ass typing on this keyboard!!!

Does anyone have any ideas for me decorate my big 6 bay PC case my Falcon is 
in??   Its nearly finished but havent done any work on it lately, have to
change the way the PC keyboard adapter is mounted.  I am thinking of 
painting the power/reset buttons silver or something...

check out http://tbird.atari.org!!!

/|(theres no backslash!!)

Asteroid

22.45

It is getting late and I am starting to get hungry .... I wonder where the
pizza is ? 

Felice.

22:57 THERE IS A BACKSLASH.... /|\  meuh!      moondog

23:?? The wait is over the demo is done and on AiO's birthday too.
Make sure to vote for the birtday child at the music compo
tomorrow as well ;-)
/PeyloW

23:25

I've now spend over 2 hours listening to Cmt/Nocrew and Tam/Toys discussing
all the crazy things in this world. I wonder why 90% of the nutcases happen
to be swedes ? Oh yeah, just to mention it, most of the Nocrew people are
nutcases too. Baggio / Wildfire


23.50 - My brain is in lo-fi mode, waiting for something to happen. The
first part of the competitions are still some undefined distance away, and
there isn't anything organised going on. I did get to see world famous
god-botherers, Spirits work on the PeeCee. Wonder where they are now?
Probably holed up in a armed compound in Waco, Texas, trigger finger
imperceptibly turning white as they take aim at the nearest FBI agent!

CiH (Ran right out of smart answers to stupid questions right now, so I
must be tired!)

23.55

Been having some rather interesting life discussions with Grey. Now I am
even more confused as to what should happen in Amsterdam on Tuesday rather
than what will happen or what I would like to happen. Ho hum.

Felice.


00:23 Aaaargh... still no competition and I must stick something into my eyes
to hold them open... and if the organizers don't want to cause a mass panic
they should react in the next time ... moondog

00.25 It's Sunday, and something might happen in a minute?? Look and sound of
a C64 demo to check the perilously chained from the ceiling beamer...

 CiH  -(With just a little bit of tweaking, I could get the spacebar to come
 right away from this machine!)
 
0:30 NUT - Well, finaly the first competitons are starting... 2.30h behind on
 scedual(?)... but better late then never :)

1:44 THe Presentation of the Musix and Sounz and Grafix are over,finally
 i'm released from listening to something most people will call old school
 i call it old boaring nothing new. And the GFX well i can use a scanner too.
 So nothing really special, lets wait for tomorrow. Mr.XY

02.20 - Bed for the deserving people, so that leaves me out? 
CiH, with just a trace of a guilty conscience??

03.26 - Well! I haven't seen this computer yet. So - hi folks! I really would
need some sleep... but... doesn't matter. I arrived with MoAco, Milhouse
and Mr. Bacardi. Itz nice here! So, before I fall into sleep in front of this
computer... zzz zzz
03.40 ...oh, I should go to bed! digiduck

05:15 Mr.Bacardi's at the keyboard ! I just got up from sleep (well, can you 
call 45 min really sleep ? It was horrably noisy at the sleeping place ! And 
people who complained about the loud sleepers made the most noise during
sleep ! Did you hear this Digiduck ?).I'm afraid I can't write a reasonable 
text at the moment as I'm too tired... Visit my homepage at:
http://mrbacardi.atari.org

07:38 Hey, Mr. Bacardi! I can't believe that I made such noises, just
because I never did it before... I'm sorry about that. Maybe I should lie
on the floor all night! And I know that: I will make these noises for two
nightz and then - never again! But I think he thought I made the noizes of
the guy beside me. He made ME crazy. I little smalltalk with mr. Bacardi
might make the thing clear to me. So I'm up again. This place looks like
after nuke-attack. Everywhere "dead" bodies lying around. But I'm still
alive! digiduck

8:07 You wanna know how it feels like to be a young god? Just get a shower,
a fresh shave and you know what I mean... :)  time to get some food to
recreate my brain and stomach to work further on the UNDERCOVER magazine 21...
moondog - who feels like a indian yogi after another night on the backseats
of his car...

08.35 - To say the sleeping room was a tight squeeze would be something of
a masterpiece of understatement. If one person rolled over, we all had to
roll together. If one person's anal emissions tainted the atmosphere, then
we all had to.... Never mind!

What I got was definitely sleep, only interrupted by an occasional accidental(?)
kicking, from the bed next to me, so that was as good as it got. Now I find
the toilets with 'herren' written on them seem to be locked! You'll have to
use the 'Damen' facilities instead!

CiH, check out that widespread lack of wakefulness, go on, do it!


09:58 - Uhh, people are strange... When I was in the bathroom on the first
floor, there was a guy in a shower-box that didn't left the box until the last
person (except him) left the room. Bad thing for him: he had already finished
his shower when I entered the room, so he waited for about 10 (!) minutes in the
box, without any water dripping. But when I then left the room, he opened the
box within the same moment and left it. Man, people are strange! mOdmate

09:59 - Man, you're sure, you weren't in the womens-shower-room?!

10:50 - Another day is starting as another night of bad sleepinf ends up. I seem
to be real unlucky these days. Yesterday I managed to get my air mattress
properly pumped up so that when I headed for deep - and deserved ? - sleep I was
a bit distressed to find out my mattress was completely flat !!! shitness :(
Funnily enough the other mattress I brought was still ok so that Frost had a
good night. I will revenge and sleep in the car on our way back :) Party is cool
and so are ppl.

 broken back sts is out...

12:15

Finally got back to reality, after a good sleep. I never heard anyone driving
them home last night, for a change :)

NB: the Geordie phrase 'driving them home' means 'snoring loudly' :)

Felice.

12.46 - But what does the Geordie phrase "Driving Miss Daisy" mean???

CiH (But he's surely making this up as he goes along?)


13 hundred hours

Realised to my horror my mobile was missing, and after a panic hour of 
looking around the party place looking for it I found that it was in top 
compartment of my bag!!! Der!!!!??!

Asteroid


13:28 Hmmm... time runs away... UCM finishing sucks... but it's on the way...
      hehe...... maybe today... but I have a real horror of the linking action!
      ugh... moondog
      
13:43 Bahh! Deez and Thomas gave up with their demo. blah blah bla!
      I guess dhs won the internal competition by walkover then ;-)
      deez: go drown yourself!  /aaaaasn
      
      NoCrew isn't doing anything this year.. no EgoDemo 2, but it's 
      never too late for that some other time.. or something else.
      Now CMT came and took a picture of the realtime terminal. 
      I'm only in third place in the Missile Command contest, so
      I'll go give it another try now, I think.. / NoBrain


13:55 Asns mamma „r en pappa!!! /d„„z
       
14:05 yooo... great modmate fucked up completely while proling around with
      WINUAE... :P  moondog
      

14.20 Deutsch Telekom are a bunch of robbing bastards! Or at least their
payphones are... When you feed them, make sure it's strictly small change
only, they don't let go of the big coins....

CiH

15.00 - Comment of the party coming up - "Does this Falcon have a special
accelerator card?" - Unknown dude after watching the Sonoluminescenz demo.
He also asked if it was a competition entry, which is sort of correct, but
four years ago! 

CiH (Hey stick around, come closer, it gets better and better!)

15.06 Swedish Linux people seem to use their machines purely for running 
MAME (Arcade emulator that plays 2500+ games)  not theres anything wrong with
that, as I am a big MAME fan myself.  The G3 Mac has a scary collection of half 
a dozen 4GB SCSI hard disks bolted to a piece of wood with power supply
running them all, =o)

asteroid

15:15 Trying to sleep with big snoring people have finaly got to me, I am
very tired and just waiting for the demo competion so I can finaly go to
sleep. Maybe I should take a nap now. I believe the music compo might have
been better if they had just let through a few noises above 1khz.
Bass and Beer are good but they do not work alone!
/PeyloW

15:30

We're about to see the c-64 demos Paranoid was kind enough to record. I'm
just waiting for the pizza to arrive. Ah well, i'll type some more crap
later on. Baggio / Wildfire

15:45

Had a nice shower, now waiting for pizza.

Felice.

16.05

Finally we could present the final version of Odd Stuff ! Vote for us :-)

frosties^sectorone

16.55 Missed most of the C64 demos - shit!! Managed to confuse Tam with the
ropey random keyboard input Nemesis Falcy though. Compo deadlines shuffle
ever nearer....

CiH - Gving you a pizza of my mind!

17:o3 huuuu... disk thieves... :)   loader picture for ucm done! moondog

17:31 Whoa - C64 demos rock too ! :-)

17:79 Flash-Ultra-Kopistik-Styla started converting stuffz again!

1800 still no food arived yet!!!  damn!!!  A$+er01d


18:05

We just put the documentary on called 'Thumb Candy' that was shown on 
Channel 4 in the UK a couple of weeks or so before the party. It's getting
a lot of interest from all the guys here and a lot of giggles too :)

Felice.

18.45 - C64 demos were making me very sleeeeeepy! Not the demo's fault, just
me running at a low energy state again. A small bit of news, the ASCII-Nation
diskmag, which was going to be just a normal release, has been promoted to
a wild compo entry, or to be more specific, chapter 9 has..

Another probably slow food order is in the system. 

CiH (Brain cache read-write error - refry/absorb/wail??)


19:5o this articles was ignored for another hour... lazy, lazy people...

       moondog
       
19:55 okay moony don't cry and let's type sth instead ! Party is still cool
but work on alive had to be stopped since my Ste is used to record all ST
entries.
Anyway you can expect a real fat issue a few days after the party, once I have
recovered from two nights of bad sleep... More to come later.

2ž:20

Carrie 2 seemed to do the business, much like the earlier show about the
history of videogames (shown from C4). Lots of interest - which is good.
Now the video is showing Edge of Honor, I wonder if people remember this
being reviewed back in Maggie 12 eh ? Perhaps not, but you never know.
Wondering whether I should go for a toddle and get some air, cos I've not 
been out anywhere today as yet. Hmmm.....

Felice.

20:35 Just ate 1/3 party pizza, thumbs up for the size and taste!
Think I'll enjoy some videos before I get too nervous for the compo.
/PeyloW

20.37 I might well comment on the seeming slow toilet death in this building.
Yesterday, the toilets adjacent to the party place in the cellar were closed.
We are using the first floor toilets today, but two of those seem to have
been locked too!?!? Is it a failure of the ancient Eastern bloc plumbing to
cope with our pizza-enriched Atari geek diets, or is it someone being totally
revolting??

Dare not to think about it!

CiH - flush all/some of your troubles away!

20:45

Well, they wanted some comedy after Carrie 2 - So Edge of Honor didn't do 
that. But someone, yes, a little doll by the name of Chucky, has made an
appearance :)

Felice.

20:50

Tam and Aio is totally wasted, what a surprise. Robertk has slowed down
a bit now due to the fact that he has to drive tomorrow. I'm getting a bit
tired and right now i'm just waiting for the demo-compos to start. We're
leaving 9am tomorrow, oh how i do look forward to spending another 5 hours
in a car :-) Baggio / Wildfire


10.something

things are kinda quiet at the moment, Wanted to avoid dreary horror movies so
I went out breifly just to grab something
to eat and look at the strange Russia church like building which I still dont
know whats it is yet, one of the Poles thinks its a tribute to Tetris :o)

Having a general banter with some of the Swedes who are boasting about the
sizes of their stomachs from those huge pizzas :o)  
 
Asteroid


Hmmm, The Match here and WOW YIPPY YEAH! I'm so happy right now because
I was having a LOT of problems with my new hdx. Somehow and we've testen
everything that we could think of but still somehow very strange bug reports
came up after compiling one of my programs...and no, it's NOT the crapy code
that was causing the crashed this time:) First we've tried the memory banks.
New 4 megs, new 14 megs, who know's how much memory the programs needs but no
posistive result... Tos then, maybe it's the tos version then!?
T000000ried a tos 4.04 replaced mine with D-Force but no fix. To make sure it
wasn't the code or compiler I've copied all to D-Force falc the oke, no problem,
no crash!
Oke... Now we know, it's not the source, compiler, tos version or the memory.
It has to be the harddisk. Now we are more then 8 hours further and 6 times
opening and closing of the falcon passed by. I asked SWE if he knew this strange
problem maybe it's better to use the GFA shell to fix several GFA bugs he said.
Also he took a look at the situation and tried changing some hdd settings but
stil no rersult:( And now the solution if the problem... 
Look again next week for the ending ;)
The fix was to repartition the hdx into 6 partitions instead of 3 2gigs
partitions we finaly concluded and YES! after ten hours of fucking around
finely it works!!
So... NEVER EVER USE A PARTITION MORE THEN 1 GIG!!! or use mint :)

Oke, it's sunday now and if i'm right some kind of some sort of some kind of
competition is going to start soon now so I'm happely signing of now, Cya!


22:41

We just finished the prizecermony for the missle command or whatever the
game was. Yep, Its true what asn typed above, we (me and thomas) didnt have
time to finish the demo, It will take a couple of weeks more to finish it
since i want some decent design aswell.

/deez

22:something

It's me again (?!). The WhipPong compo has just ended, the cavemen came out
and did their thing. TAM is officially crowned as King of the Neandertals (
no surprise there!). Anyway, the Deutsche keyboard is still here so typing
still sucks, the showers are too low for tall Dutchmen (former GDR probably
deported everyone over 2mtr to Siberia or whereever), and nobody has
installed automatic linewrap on this machine yet. It's quite funny to see
the txtI'm typing right nowscrolling fromright t left over the screen. It's
so fucking easyto type fast ebnough, I actually had towait abopout a minute 
efre allthe tex Ihave writen above this has crolled throug. I also wonder 
hy onearth anyone woulduchoose to ue the wrst kyboard atthe party for
witing a realtimearticle. Especially the space baris totally fucked as
you can see intheuneditedtextjus abov these words. Ah wel, time to go ...
doegie en d groetjes, kusjes van papa P!

oo:13  YEAH! Started to create a testpack of Undercover # 21! 2 MB of datas
are waiting... moondog

00.21 The Whip pong compo, Tam's technique for voice control is finely
tuned and sinister. I'm sure the police are seeking him to help with lots
of their enquiries!

After the Whip Pong compo, all five comedy chips on my mental mainboard have
blown, and until emergency repairs have been carried out, I'm afraid I'll
laugh at just about anything....

CiH (HahahahaHAHAHAHAHAAHAA! Stop it Felice, you're killing me!!)

oo:55 testpack runs fine so far... maybe we can include some more datas? 
just joking... moondog...

ž2.40 CiH got on here first - compos are over - THE SONO BEATING DEMOS
ARE HERE AT LAST!!! NEXT GEN RULES, EVEN ON 4 MEG!!!

2:45... kewl stuff! competitions are over and as it seems the falcon crowd
has been healed from the tunnel trauma :)   it really makes fun to watch
falcon demos again!  moondog

2:50 or something ..... yep, the new demo releases are fantastic. I can't
0wait to get them downloaded after we get back. Now I guess the next 'fun'
part to follow will be on Tuesday in a certain capital city of Holland :)

Felice.

3:26ish ... Damn i had a great time looking at the compo's, but i actualy didn't
vote, because i'm not an active scener for that long and i think i'm not able
to give a resonable vote... but i have to say the Quality is with a CAPITAL Q!
Going to help count votes now... at least i have by part in the votes afterall..
 :-)

hmmm.... 6 erm... 7 points for Dforce ... <g>

Laterz! 
NUT

3:38ish ... NUT at the keyz again... i wasn't needed after all... darn... sorry
Dforce, Havoc and Earx ,))


it's nearly five in the morning and i'm going to execute the ucm link tool the
first time since 2,5 years now... cross the fingers... moondog


It's still nearly five in the morning... writing this text with crossed
fingers is no fun so i will keep them in the right order :-)
The demo competition was really great and awesome, a better birthday
gift you will never get!

 A visitor


something like 5 am : the quality of the demos was really astonishing...it's
too bad though there wasn't any ST competitor available for the demo of
Sector 1... 
I wonder if I should go and join my sleeping bag now or expect the results
to be given soon :/
exocet


o6:33... UNDERCOVER # 21 is finished!!!!!!!!! WANNA KOPPIE OF NEW MAGASIN?!

moondog


07:10 what a prizing ceremony nowadays looks like


7:34 Oh yeah, the pizza-ceremony is over...

07:?? Some suckers stole Moondog's car!!!!

07:55 I now leaving 
		MB / F2
		
07:56 I'm driving home too. Taking MB with me. Mr.XY

09:00 Step by step people are leaving now. I'm still waiting for our driver
      to wake up. What a great party! And the atmosphere was just like 
      everything I heared about the first edition (which I couldn't attend).
      A big thank you to the organizers! milhouse
      
09:14	Bze!! We are leaving now. No EgoDeom this time, better luck next time.
		See some off zou att the summer IMP ?? Tatti
		
9:2o  shitty story about my car... damn... 15oo DM damage... and I can't use
      it anymore because the steerwheel is broken... When I could get my fingers
      on the sucker who did it... grmbl... moondog
      
09.50 - So this is what semi-consciousness looks like?

Polski's and others packing, the Res Gods went long ago, as have the Swedes.
We're here until lunchtime at least. Got an unexpected second place at the
Wild compo, very much so after the poor quality of the video output. Got
some even more unexpected prizes too! Cool stuffs indeed (grin!)

CiH - Moondog, I'll help you kill the mothersucker who stole your car!

10:25 most of the people now suddenly left... so its all shocking empty
      from one moment to the other. only some people still run around with
      disks copying something and the usual "the party ends" chats..
      
      "neils"
      
 10.29 Polish guys about to go, now franticaly picking up everything to head 
 off home
 
 EVERYONE HAVE A SAFE JOURNEY HOME, STAY COOL AND STAY ATARI!!!!
 
 
A$+er01d


10:40 Bye alltogether, we're going home now. See 'ya next convention!
digiduck

11.17

We're just waking up slowly and chilling out in the corridor. Havoc joined
us a little while ago followed by Paranoid and a few others. Most people 
seem to have made their own way home now. The demo compos earlier on were
fantastic and I got some good footage as well :)

Felice.

11.35
Poor lonely little realtime article. Still running when all else has been
packed away.

CiH - Kill all callbox hogs slowly!


11:40 boah.. we actually should tidy up now and move those tables and all,
      but somehow the special motivating spirit for doing this is walking
      around at some other place. we just found out that modmate is a 
      color-dj and that the new dhs-demo rocks!
      
11:5o I'm now 28 hours awake and have still some more to go... :/ I must
      leave my car here in Dresden in a garage for reparatur, sucks.. so I
      have to come over to Dresden tomorrow or something again... 
      Btw... what do you think, will we match it to reach line 1ooo?!
      moondog
      
11:52 Eric told me that he wants to reach line 1000 in this realtime-article.
That means that 106 lines are still missing. And with the following, I burn
a few of them...

Okay, so let's talk about demos. About the demos that were shown on Falcon in 
last night's competition. Without any doubt one can say that its a completely
new generations, a new era of demos. Refreshing in effects, design...and 
hardware usage ;) After I've seen the demo by TOYS (whom I supposed to be dead,
please forgive me Peylow) I thought it cannot be beaten. But then came the demo 
we all will speak about even in several years: "Hmmm..." by Escape (enough 
"m"?!). This was just _o_u_t_s_t_a_n_d_i_n_g! U.n.b.e.l.i.e.v.a.b.l.e! Tat/Avena
is kicked from the throne of the best coder! 

No/Escape is king! So praise him, praise hiM! :))

Eric says that No isn't only king, but God. I think he's wrong: No is natural in
being and skills. He is real. God is only an idea, a word, at least it's not
real. (controversial theme, ehh?;)

Okay, tht's it for now. mOdmate/CheckPoint is signing off...

12:o7 hmmm... I'm sitting here again, big leaving scenes again, but there are
      still about 3o people here, the guys from Escape, Fun, Maggie, Loud,
      Sector One, .tSCc. and a few others... but all seem so tired and more or
      less a bit happy that those 4 stressy (but kewl) days found an end...
      moondog

12:15 NUT at the keys again... i realy enjoyed this weekend (exept for the
keyboard used for the realtime article... its GERMAN! :P) And was quite
impressed by the demo's i saw (as i said before, but i need to burn some lines
to help Erik reach his 1000 lines :)) and am prowd FUN actualy won something
this weekend :) oh what am i saying! i KNEW we would! (ahem .)) Well, i made a
promise to Baggio last night about doing something before easter next year...
would be cool to be able to release my first Faclon demo at Error In Line III
:) i won't brag about it right now, because i realy need to learn a LOT and i
am not sure i can get up to SOME quality within this small year ahead...
i still need to get my Faclon fixed (DMA problems due to a Phantom Accel) and
then i can actualy SAFELY access mz sources again (YES i have some done
already!). Concluding i made a promise i intend to keep, so 'wait and see' :)

I want to thank the Error In Line Organisers for making this easter party the
way it is! I WAN'T A THIRD EIL!

Unusual for in a Realtime article but i'm gonna do it anyway:

Greetinz go to:
The Guys of FUN, SectorOne, WildFire, .tSCc., Dhs, Maggie Team, Dune, Escape,
Toys, and everyone i forgot!

I want to Thank TAM for having Diagnosed mz Faclon, and Paranoid for the help he
offered.

Signing off, NUT

12:35 still here and fucking tired... all are leaving and I can't... damn...
      what to do more?! Should I try to disconnect my whole equipment? Or
      should I still wait a few mins or maybe hours?! dunno... at first I'm
      going to meet the toilet... moondog
      
12.34 Would that be meeting it halfway?

      Okay, this is CiH for the last time on this realtime. It looks like
      we are going back to sunny Enschede soon, back to the residence of the
      tall Dutchman who screams like a girl! (Who said Havoc just then?!)
      As for the party, I got closer to a lot of people than ever before,
      Grey got closer to the floor on Friday night (who mentioned the power
      of vodka? (grin!)) Oh, and we now have some top class demos which would
      not look out of place on a modern Amiga running on *our* Fuji-boxes at
      long last!
      
      As I said last night, Next Gen rules!!
      
      CiH, with a final flourish!
      
12:44 Hmmm... what to do more... back from toilet... and it was, let me say
      it in hard words... a real good shit... ?! Huuu... instead of writing
      such stuff I maybe should start to work on Undercover # 22, or what?!
      moondog

12:49 NUT - hmm, line 972... still need some more Erik! But i won't be typing
them unfortunatly... i'm out of words... .)

12:55 Hmmm... (?!) reminds me to something! Oki, what about some definition of
      my name?! Hehe, please write me with "c" because I'm not a nordic warlord
      or something, nope I have some froggies in my family, ugh, and therefore
      my mother decided to write my name with "c". Another 4 lines filled up,
      hehe... more craptalk?! The Sucky Sirius Conspiration is leaving the hall
      atm... what a lazy bunch! Huuu! Also Seb and Frostie are going to leave
      the holy halls... hmm... I feel so lonely now :/ 
      moondog

13:10 Ok, I will try to help out this hypermotived moondog a bit with some
      lines... I actually just want to thank TAM and Grey and also Evil
      for having me finally made owning a 14mb falcon with fpu. No I regard
      this machine more as a luxury than before.. thanks mates :-)
      nils
      
13:12 Yeah, yeah, change it butthead, come on! Time to kick line 1ooo!
      What is left to say?! Thanx to the EIL posse, who matched it to organize
      another great party again! It was a real cool meeting and I enjoyed it
      much to be here and meet all the people again.
      Furthermore a big thanx to Evil/Gizmo, Tam/Peylow and No for breaking up
      the old Falcon-demo-tunnel-trauma ;)  I really enjoyed all your work!
      At next a big thanx to Grey who organized the 14 mb ram stuff! Without
      you I really would miss the one or other Falcon demo stomper!
      Another big thank to the chaps of Sector One (and Dune) that showed up
      that the time of cool boot-disk-trackmos isn't over yet! Kewl demo! I
      enjoyed your work very much!
      Not to forget a very special thank to Joe Cool for his uncomplicated help
      concerning the problems with my stolen car, thanx again man!
      What else, yo, big hi's to all the .tSCc.-Granaten, mOdmate, Nils & No,
      Seb (hehe, now we're in competition or something, eh?! :) ...), Frostie,
      (massive mp3'ing, man! thanx), CiH & Felice, Flash (convert me! thanx for
      your great help with the ucm loader pic), Grey, Joe Cool and all the
      attendies to EIL 2K1
      
      Time to close this article! Line 1o1o reached! 
      
                                     moondog is signing off / 16.o4.o1 - 1:25 PM
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
