--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               Hello everybody,

          Foundation Two likes to invite you to the Unconventional 2k2

The Uncon will  take place at the  30th of August until the 1st of September. As
usual at the "Schuetzenhaus" in Lengenfeld. The entrance is free as last year.
The event starts  at Friday 8 o'clock in the morning  and will last till Sunday,
when the last guest leaves. (For "newbies", you  could enjoy  the Unconventional
even if you only come at one day for example.)

This year we want to invite all people who enjoy using their so called "classic"
computers or consoles.

For Information please have a look at the official Unconventional homepage:
http://unconventional.atari.org
You have to click on the Uncon 2k2 banner at the first page.

Besides using  our beloved  computers and  consoles, there will  be  some gaming
competitions. As last  year we will  build up 5 ATARI  systems, where  you could
play the whole time and notice your highscore. Of course the notorious Checkered
Flag Lynx network contest will also  take place. New this year will be the ATARI
8 Bit Multijoy (Multicervi) contest.

There will be as usual too, Artist Competitions. So far planed are:

ATARI 8 Bit Demo Competition
Music Competition (every System)
Graphics Competition (every System)

Besides this competitions, we do an  comeptition for every genre we get at least
2 entries for. Releases for  genres with  only one  entry will  take part in the
Wild Competition.

As the yearly Unconventional event we  will do a  realtime  Leaderboard Contest.
That is: playing golf (putting only) in the garden.

Important!! Please read and act!!!

As you all know, organising  such an event  is hard work. So every motivation is
welcome. You could make suggestions, announce releases etc.
The easiest  way to motivate  us, is  to send  me a  mail, that you are thinking
about coming, so that I can put you in the expected people list.
This point  is often  missunderstood. People  in the list  does not declare that
they are coming, they  only declare  their interest  and that they would come if
nothing important happens.
Often people say, "Well I don't  know exactly  if I will  come, please wait with
the list". Of  course this  is true, but  in that  way, the  list would  be very
small, and a lot  of people will have a look at the list, to know  which persons
they will meet at the event. So please join the list when you are interested!!!!
The list  contains this time  also the possibility  to say, "I will drive with a
car". That means, that  some people who have problems  to get a driver could see
that maybe they could get picked up by somebody.

Please tell all your friends about the Uncon. Every advertisment is welcome.

best regards

Thorsten Butschke (Main organiser)
(Mad Butscher / Foundation Two)

Helmut Weidner (Location organiser)
(Mr.V / V.A.R)

Bastian Moritz (Acorn coordinator)
(MoAco)

Rouven Gehm (Event coordinator)
(Mr.XY / Foundation Two)

Markus Roemer (Service boy :-) )
(R.I.K. / Foundation Two)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
