IMPLANTS
~HEARTS.FIL~
This one is taken from the net but it is nice a example about these implants
I was talking about in the UFOs and abductions article.

Date: 10-Apr-93 09:17
From: Keith Basterfield
To:   All
Subj: Implant
Next Reply is Message #3029

You may recall that I wrote a review article on the subject of  abduction
"implants" for the Jan/Feb 1992 International UFO Reporter.

I was recently advised of details of an abduction case complete with recovered
and analyzed artifact. Details will appear in the next UFORA Research Digest 
(Available from UFORA PO  Box 2435, Cairns, Queensland 4870, Australia. 6 issues
for US$20  includes air mail postage). However, for your information is a potted 
summary of the relevant bits. Seems a man they called "Ron" had an abduction 
experience in Feb 1992. On March 4 1992 Ron woke up and saw his aged 10 son in 
a half sitting position being floated past his bedroom door. Guiding the boy 
was a misty alien form. Ron jumped out of bed, to grab his son. There was a 
sudden flash and Ron found  himself back in bed. Later that day his son is said
to have related a "nightmare" about the event. At breakfast son coughs up a piece
of metal about 1 cm long. Upon analysis, believed to be terrestrial origin, 
perhaps part of an electronic probe.

Later on that day his son described having a nightmare related to the event
reported by his father.
At breakfast the son had a coughing fit, and coughed up a piece of metal
about a centimeter long. This was analyzed recently by Curtin  University,
and found to be a very unusual combination of nickel, silver, zinc, copper,
cobalt and ytterbium. The initial analysis indicated an artifact from an
unknown source, possibly alien. However, re-assessment has gauged it to be
terrestrial, perhaps part of an electronic probe.
The family, consisting of husband, wife, ex-defacto wife, a thirteen year
old daughter and son and a third younger son, plus a lodger, have  all had
UFO sightings and seen apparitions within the house on a regular basis.
Investigations are continuing."
Like you, I have a zillion questions and have asked Brian for more  details,
and urged him to ensure the case is reported widely. More  when I have it.


----------------------------------------------------------------
Technical Analysis Report
prepared by Dr. Rod Lewis

Date: April 20, 1993

Investigators:

Dr. Rod Lewis
Acting Technical Analyst, Houston UFO Network

Derrel Sims, C.H.T.
Chief Abductions Investigator, Houston UFO Network

HISTORY: This specimen was obtained from a female subject on December 11, 1992. 
The subject will herein be referred to as DS92009LT. The subject reported 
recovering the object from her eye on the morning of December 11, 1992. She 
stated that she awakened with an irritation and while rubbing her eye, 
a small particle, about the size of a mustard seed, was recovered. The specimen
was turned over to Derrel Sims, Chief Abductions Investigator, Houston UFO 
Network. The specimen was photographed and stored in a plastic case.

Subject DS92009LT reported to have been part of a mass abduction in Houston, 
Texas on the night of December 8, 1992. The subject reports that an implant was 
placed behind one of her eyes during the abduction. The complete report on the 
mass abduction of December 8, 1992 can be obtained under separate cover.

PHYSICAL DESCRIPTION: The specimen has been viewed under a standard light and 
stereoscopic microscopes. It appears flesh toned with an "egg" shape, 
approximately 1 - 1.5mm in length, and has a hollow interior. The apex has been 
truncated and lateral splitting from the apical area distally is noted.

The exterior of the specimen appears different from the interior. The exterior 
is smooth and non-porous with a mottled appearance. The interior has a spongy 
"honey-combed" appearance, and is lighter in contrast to the exterior. The 
specimen is resilient and does not permanently deform with pressure or 
manipulation.

PHYSICAL MEASUREMENTS:

Length          : 1-1.5mm
Height          : .25-.5mm (at highest point)
Width           : .25-.5mm (at widest point)
Weight          : N/A
Specific Gravity: N/A
Tensile Strength: N/A*
Melting Point   : N/A*
Solubility      : N/A*

N/A* = potentially destructive measurements

TAXONOMY: The specimen was taken to the Department of Biology at the University 
of Houston. It was examined by several doctoral and post-doctoral students. The 
specimen did not fit any known taxonomic classification. It was determined that 
the specimen was not biological.

QUALITATIVE ELEMENTAL ANALYSIS: Qualitative elemental analysis was performed on 
April 14, 1992 at the Superconductivity Laboratory, University of Houston, using 
an electron microprobe. A small sample was taken from the specimen for analysis. 
Microprobes were taken from various locations on the sample, and are considered 
to be representative of the specimen.

The following elements were found throughout the probe. This list does not 
reflect any particular order or percentages.

1) Carbon*
2) Oxygen*
3) Silicon** 
4) Titanium**
5) Barium**
6) Beryllium***
7) Sulphur***
8) Aluminum***

*   Primary constituents
**  Secondary constituents
*** Tertiary constituents

Although absolute percentages of elements cannot be determined with this method, 
the specimen appeared to be carbon rich, suggesting that it is organic. The 
other earth elements are suspected to be present in trace quantities only, but 
have been determined to be part of the specimen and not contaminants. However, 
this hypothesis cannot be substantiated without quantitative analysis.

The probe also determined that the material was electrically non-conductive.

ANOMALIES: There are a few notable anomalies in the specimen. It is unusual for 
titanium and silicon to be present in a compound which is carbon rich and 
containing oxygen. It is also not consistent with the textural features of 
the specimen. Compounds containing titanium and silicon tend to be much more 
rigid and brittle. Also, the presence of beryllium is unusual in that it is 
normally found only in compounds which are electrically conductive.

SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS: The specimen obtained from subject DS92009LT is an 
ovoid, flesh-toned object approximately 1-1.5 mm in length with a hollow core. 
Based on taxonomic examination it is non-biological. Qualitative analysis 
suggests a carbon rich non-conductive material with some unusual combinations
of trace elements. The substance is most likely a high molecular weight organic
compound. Polymers(plastics) are the most likely compounds to fit the elemental 
profile.

RECOMMENDATIONS:

1. Determine if the specimen is a polymer. This may be accomplished through 
   HPLC (high pressure liquid chromatography) if a sample of the specimen is 
   soluble in an organic solvent.

2. Consultation with a polymer chemist for additional tests which may be 
   available.
~MINT.PAL~