SECRET HISTORY OF THE UFO Part 3
~DUST.FIL~
At the bottom of this same page in the last fairly lengthy
paragraph we now know that the director of the FBI was informed
that during the preceding two months there had been numerous
sightings of unidentified flying objects near the Los Alamos
nuclear weapons laboratories where only some 4 years earlier our
government had secretly developed this planet's first nuclear
weapons which we used against Japan. If you choose to read this
memo, halfway down, para.. at the last fairly lengthy paragraph
you can see that persons at Los Alamos who were reporting the
UFOs to their security personnel included, quote:
:: special agents of the office of special investigation : (which
was Air Force counterintelligence) : airline pilots, military
pilots, and Los Alamos security inspectors ::

Next slide please.

A second FBI memorandum from approximately a year and a half
later indicates that the UFO sightings around Los Alamos and
other sensitive highly classified research facilities in New
Mexico had occurred with alarming frequency in the preceding 18
months or so.

In the next slide please, halfway down the same page there is a
brief one or two sentence description of what persons at Los
Alamos and elsewhere were reporting as having witnessed. They
included, One(1) 
::Green fireballs, objects moving at high speed in shapes
resembling half-moons, circles, and discs emitting green light.::

We know from other documents that these green fireballs were
described as performing maneuvers, obviously were not meteors or
meteorites on a straight line trajectory but indeed were doing
all sorts of maneuvers suggesting they were either under
intelligent control or remote control. Also reported were two(2)
:: discs, round flat shaped objects or phenomenon moving at fast
velocity and emitting a [bright?] white light or reflected
light::

The memo goes on to say that some of the objects were meteor in
appearance, meteorlike in appearance, and were later in fact
judged to be so. But approximately 150 sightings of these objects
were observed by personnel near very sensitive facili..

[Buuuurrrpp..  my tape recorder flipped the tape. Sorry.]

...included that of these 150 or so sightings 75 or 50% were
judged to be of.. uh.. objects that were in fact not natural or
man made phenomenon. Now in addition to this document and in
addition to the sightings at Los Alamos many other documents from
this era, late 40s early 50s, um.. available to you, too numerous
for me to show you one after the other in this type of
presentation, indicate that in addition to Los Alamos other UFO
sightings were concentrated around the Oakridge National
Laboratories in Tennessee, a facility at that time second only to
Los Alamos in terms of its developm.., importance to the
development of nuclear weapons in this country. Other documents
deal with UFO sightings repeatedly occurring around the Hanford
military reservation in Washington State [my friend whispers
something about Twin Peaks] which was at that time the world's
largest nuclear weapons grade plutonium production facility.

To summarize, late 40s early 50s, the Pentagon began dismissing,
at least publicly, UFO sightings as nothing to be alarmed by,
nothing out of the ordinary, in reality, behind the scenes, the
highest levels, and I mean up to the National Security Council
were extremely concerned by these objects coming into American
air space and repeatedly maneuvering near our nuclear weapons
related facilities.

Next slide please.

-------
Moving on to the decade of the 1970s. In my slide show I note the
fact that during the fall of 1975 a number of strategic air
command bases in Maine, Michigan, and  Montana experienced a rash
of UFO sightings near nuclear weapons related installations.
Either what are called weapons storage areas, bunkers containing
nuclear bombs or missile warheads for storage, or at weapons
deployment sights such as missile silos. I would like to share
with you now parts of an officially released Air Force letter
detailing UFO sightings near nuclear missile silos outside of
[Maustrum] Air Force base, Great Falls,  Montana, in early
November 1975.

Next slide please.

There are far too many entries in this 4 page letter for me to
read them all. I would like to quote a few to give you a sense of
what security alert teams called SATs, these are heavily armed
military police who guard the missile silos were reporting to
command personnel at [Maumstrum] Air Force base in November of
1975. These excerpts are verbatim, that is word for word excerpts
from what are called commander's logs. In this instance commander
of [Maumstrum] Air Force base compiling data detailing summaries
of these incidents to be sent up the chain of command to
Washington. Picking up at the top. 

:: 7, November 75. Received a call from the 341st Strategic Air
Command post saying that the following missile locations reported
seeing a large, red to orange to yellow object ::
It then lists the missile silos by their coded designations, M1
etc. The next entry,

[too difficult to discern Hastings commentary from quote
 simply by tone of voice so I chunked the following bit
 together]

: SAC, (in this case Strategic Air Command) advise that the
Launch Control Facility, LCF, (thats the blockhouse that has the
electronics that actually would launch nuclear missiles) at
[Harleton?] Montana observed an object which emitted a light
which illuminated the site driveway. :

 Later that same evening: 

: SAC advise missile sight K1 says very bright object to their
east is now southeast of them and they are looking at it with
binoculars. Object seems to have lights, several on it, but no
distinct pattern. The orange-gold object overhead also has small
lights on it :

 And then the last entry from the same evening:

: Missile sight L1 reports that the object to their northeast
seems to be issuing a black object from it - tubular in shape. In
all this time surveillance : (meaning radar) : has not been able
to detect any sort of track except for known traffic. :

Shortly, we'll see that that in fact changed, and ultimately
radar contact was established with these objects in the air
simultaneous to the observations of them from the ground by the
security alert team members. 

Next slide please.

A couple of entries from 8, November 75.. and if you could
[rack?] through focus on that for me, Paul..

:: A security camera team at missile sight k4 reported UFO with
white lights, one red light 50 yards behind white light.
Personnel at k1 seeing same object. ::

There are then some entries which you may read for yourself if
you wish indicating as I have said that ultimately radar contact
with the UFOs was in fact established at [Maumstrum] and other
radar facilities across the western United States. Once that
occurred and these object's positions were known, Jets were
launched from [Maumstrum] Air Force base to attempt an intercept
of them not the least because they were maneuvering in near air
space above nuclear missiles very sensitive strategic offensive
weapons sites.

In the second to the last entry we read, quote:
:: From SAC command post. From 4 different points : (meaning
missile locations) : observed objects and fighters. When fighters
arrived in the area the lights went out. When fighters departed
the lights came back on. : (and then it says, and this is
important..) : To NCLC. ::
Indicating that the commander of [Maumstrum] Air Force base was
so concerned about the incursion into sensitive air space near
these sights by unknown aerial objects, unknown origin, unknown
intent, that the commander flashed information via teletype to
what is called the NORAD combat operations center in Colorado
Springs to inform them of what was taking place. This is
precisely the action the commander would have taken if he had
some evidence or concern that hostile intent, sabotage perhaps,
was being directed against these missiles.

In the last entry, from the same evening,
:: From SAC command post. Missile sight L5 reported object
increased in speed, high velocity, raised in altitude, and now
cannot tell object from the stars ::

That is almost a word for word description to one provided me at
[Maumstrum] some 8 years earlier, except in the case when I was
there it was an air traffic control radar account, a height
finder radar tracking of 5 unknown targets performing a high
speed vertical ascent. In this instance apparently you have a
single object observed by one or more security guards at the
silos either by naked eye or through binoculars witnessing the
same object or type of object ascending and disappearing against
the background of stars very quickly.

Now the entry directly below the one that I just read I think is
perhaps the most revealing in this entire 4 page letter. In that
apparently the actual shape of the object could be discerned by
security personnel on the ground, it was not a bright light or
series of lights. Quote,

:: SAC command post reports UFO 20 miles southeast of Lewistown.
Orange white disc object. 24th NORAD region surveillance checking
area, surveillance unable to get height check. ::

Next slide please. Uh.. one more. Next slide please. There we go.


One last document relating to nuclear weapons cases. You'll note
that the appearance of this slide is markedly different than the
preceding slides. Thats because this is not a part of the
officially released Air Force letter that I have been excerpting
from. This in fact is a leaked document. Now I do not and never
have advocated the leaking of U.S. government documents on the
subject of UFOs or any other subject. But in 1977 someone within
the Defense Intelligence Agency, DIA, released this teletype
message and two related documents to a number of news
organizations including the Washington Post. Indeed this
documentation provided enough leading information to researchers
to allow them to file freedom of information requests, that
generated the documents that I have been showing you previously.
This deals with cases similar to those that I have been
discussing, same time frame, November of 1975, except at other
locations. Picking up fourth line down, part 3.

:: [Mynot?] Air Force Base : (which is in North Dakota) : on 10
November reported that the site was buzzed by a bright object the
size of a car at an altitude of 1,000 to 2,000 feet. There was no
noise emitted by the vehicle. ::

And finally, part 4.

:: This morning, 11 November 75, Canadian Forces Station Falcon
Bridge : (which is in Ontario) : reported search and height
finder radar pings on an object 25 to 30 nautical miles south of
the site. Ranging in altitude from 26,000 to 72,000 feet. : (For
point of reference commercial airliners fly at approximately
30,000 feet) : the site commander and other personnel say that
the object appeared as a bright star but much closer. With
binoculars the object appeared as a 100 foot diameter sphere and
appeared to have craters around the outside. ::

Now first let me emphasize that what I have presented here is a
very small part of the total documents relating to nuclear
weapons incidents involving UFOs. I think the obvious question is
'What is going on here?'  and in my opinion the honest answer is
that researchers simply do not have enough information, enough
pieces of the puzzle, to draw any final conclusions. 

I will however bring to your attention the fact that over the
past two decades dozens, literally dozens, of former and retired
security alert team members or individuals who were assigned to
missile and maintenance squadrons have been interviewed by
researchers such as myself, I have interviewed nearly 20 of these
gentlemen, what they have told us is startling to say the least.
These individuals who provide us service records and other
documentation corroborating their prepense in the squadrons at
the bases they maintain they were in and at have stated that when
these disc shape objects were sighted and tracked on radar
hovering near our missiles, missiles lost all electrical power.
All electronics went off line. Depending case to case. In some
instances for simply a few minutes, in one case for which we have
multiple sources, individuals talking about this one particular
case, over 24 hours elapsed during which there was no power
available to these missile systems. They were in effect
unlaunchable. Our sources further state, if that were not enough,
that all efforts on the part of missile maintenance squadron
personnel, these are missile technical persons, as well as
civilian utility company personnel, power company personnel, to
attempt to reinstate power to these missiles, to get them back on
line, proved fruitless. Our sources state that nothing that was
done based on their expertise had any effect whatsoever to get
these missiles functioning once again and YET, without any
outside intervention, and our sources are adamant about this,
without any outside intervention, power suddenly reinstated
itself to these missile systems.

Now my opinion is that these individuals are truthful and
sincere. Indeed one document has become available corroborating
one of these power losses at [Mynot] Air Force base in August
1966 and I believe in time additional documents and sources will
become available to corroborate these individuals assertions.

For those of you who may have seen approximately 2 months ago the
ABC prime time program on Thursday evenings hosted by Sam
Donaldson umm.. there was a segment in which former Soviet KGB,
that is state security police, and former Soviet military
personnel, allowed themselves to be interviewed by western
journalists for the first time, discussing UFO sightings in the
former Soviet Union. One of the individuals interviewed on this
ABC news program indicated that the Soviets were having their
problems with UFOs at their nuclear silos. This one former
military person stated that at one point in the early 1980s the
entire electronics involving launch sequence at one facility
began to function on its own with no human intervention, began
going through what would have been a launch sequence, and
according to this man while the technicians were running around
terrified that this could be a launching of an actual missile
toward the United States, the system suddenly shut itself down.

Now this is something I predicted 10 years ago. I was confident
based on the testimony provided me and other researchers about
these types of incidents at our nuclear missile installations. Im
not psychic but Id seeme.. it seemed logical to me that if these
things were indeed occurring here I was willing to bet that the
Soviets were experiencing the same type of bizarre incidents. And
apparently if these former Soviet military and KGB persons are to
be believed, that indeed did take place.

Now my opinion is that perhaps one of the reasons our government
has chosen to keep its rather extensive knowledge of the UFO
phenomenon from public view year after year is perhaps its
uncertainty or apprehension as to what public response, what
reaction would be, if this type of information were widely and
openly disseminated. Thats simply a personal opinion.

Next slide please. Moving on to another area.

--------
In my slide show I mentioned that in July of 1952 literally
dozens of UFOs overflew this nation's capital on two successive
weekends. These objects were tracked on military and civilian
radar in the greater Washington D.C. area. Tracking data
indicated they were in essence at times hovering at other times
they performed speeds, performed maneuvers at speeds in the
neighborhood of 7,000 miles per hour. These incidents were highly
publicized. Uhh.. newspapers such as the Washington Post, the
Wall Street Journal, the New York Times carried detailed stories
about them. Shortly thereafter these same newspapers and in this
case the Associated press published articles suggesting that as a
result of these overflights of the nation's capitol by these
unknown aerial objects the Pentagon had implemented a shoot order
to intercept the pilots to in effect fire upon UFOs should the
opportunity present itself. [?]

Now I have heard and other researchers have heard hundreds and
hundreds of rumors. Stories largely unsubstantiated, stories
about alleged aerial intercept attempts of UFOs by military
interceptors. There is to my knowledge however only one document
currently in the public domain that describes one of these
intercept attempts in any kind of detail, it is intriguing to say
the least, and I would like to share it with you now.

Next slide please. 

This is the top half of the first page of a 3 page teletype
message called a [Twix?]  This that we are about to read was sent
from the U.S. embassy in Tehran, Iran in September of 1976.
Copies of this teletype were directed to, this is the actual
routing of the message, beginning at the top the..
:: JCS : (Joint Cheifs of Staff who are the heads of the military
services received a copy. Reading one line at a time..) : Sec
State : (That is to say Secretary of State Henry Kissinger
received a copy) : CIA, National Security Council, White House,
Chief of Staff of the Air Force, Chief of Naval Operations, :
(Navy operations) : Chief of Staff of the Army : (further along)
: Sec Def : (which is to say, Secretary of Defense Harold Brown
received a copy) ::

In short, the creme of the creme of the intelligence community
and national security apparatus in this nation received a copies
of what we are about to read. Now, before we actually look at
this I have to give you a little background.  In September of
1976 when this memorandum or teletype message was sent from our
embassy in Iran to Washington, the Shaw was still in power, this
is prior to the embassy hostage crisis, and the Ayatollah
Khomeni's regime. At that time our government had what were
called MAGs.. military assistance and advisory groups in Iran
training the Shaw's military forces. This incident involved two
American trained Iranian Air Force pilots flying two American
built F-4 Phantom aircraft and describes what occurred when they
attempted to intercept an unidentified flying object north of the
nation's capitol of Tehran. Now, the actual transmission of this
teletype begins at the bottom of the first page, there were only
two lines on that first page so I did not devote a slide to it.
It indicates that persons at a place called [Cheroke?] Air Force
Base had received calls from citizens in the [Chemaron?] district
of Tehran reporting that they had seen strange objects in the
sky. Some reported a kind of bird like object while others
reported a helicopter with a light on. There were no helicopters
airborne at that time. The black gap in the next paragraph was a
reference to one of these Iranians at [Cheroke] Air Force base.
This individuals name was censored by the U.S. state department
when this document was released through the freedom of
information act. In any event this individual told the citizen it
was only stars and had talked to the [Miribad] air traffic
control tower. He decided to look for himself. He noticed an
object in the sky similar to a star but bigger and brighter. He
decided to scramble, that is launch an F-4 from [Cheroke] Air
Force base to investigate.

:: B) At 01:30 (hours) on the 19th the F-4 took off and preceded
to a point about 40 nautical miles north of Tehran. Due to it's
brilliance the object was clearly visible from 70 miles away. As
the F-4 approached a range of 25 nautical miles he lost all
instrumentation and communications. He broke off the intercept
and headed back to [Cheroke]. When the F-4 turned away from the
object and apparently was no longer a threat to it the aircraft
regained all instrumentation and communications. ::
::    At 01:40 (hours) a second F-4 was launched. ::

There are then some lines devoted to navigational jargon.

Next slide please. 


