SECRET HISTORY OF THE UFO Part 5
~DUST.FIL~
In the late 80s, however, a document came forward thats come to be
known as the MJ12 paper, which preported to be a presidential
briefing paper for then president elect Dwight Eisenhower,
informing him of the nature of the Roswell incident. And if you
read this, quote, "document", it suggests that we are dealing with
an alien spacecraft complete with bodies of beings that are not
human. I must tell you the overwhelming evidence at this point is
that the MJ12 paper is a fabrication, it is a hoax; there have been
any number of flaws associated with it ranging from the typeface
that its written in, is of a typewriter type that was not available
until many years after the creation, alleged creation of the
document in 1952. 

Beyond that, I was personally involved as were other researchers in
exposing what we have fairly well determined to be a disinformation
scheme run out of Kirkland Air Force base near my home town of
[Albuquerque ?]. Two individuals which I freely acknowledge
publically, a former sergeant Richard [Dote (do-tee)?], a retired
Captain named Robert Collins.. were apparently under orders to
approach certain researchers and give them fabricated documents
that we assume were designed to muddy the waters, lead these
individuals on false leads and the like.

Um, there are other documents that came out of this particular
disinformation scheme that were preportedly written at various
locations around the U.S. at, over, over a several decade period
and yet they all exhibit certain characteristic typewriter flaws
suggesting quite strongly that they were typed up at one time on
one typewriter.

Now in March of 1989 I issued a public letter to the research
community outlining my concerns about these quote "documents".
I also indicated I had information that a well-known civilian
researcher named Bill Moore might be working with the Air Force to
disseminate some of this bogus information. Well, the roof fell in
on me so to speak.. both the sergeant and this researcher Bill
Moore threatened to sue me if I did not retract my statements. I
was confident I knew what I was talking about and I stood my ground
and in July of 1989 this researcher Bill Moore addressed a UFO
research symposium in Los Vegas and confessed that he was aware of
disinformation, bogus documentation, coming out of Kirkland Air
Force base and being disseminated to certain researchers. And if
that were not enough Mr. Moore confessed that he had allowed
himself to be a part of this dissemination process, he was promised
apparently that if he cooperated with the Air Force he would be
given very real, good, information that he could publicize for his
own glory, one assumes. And if that were not enough Mr. Moore
confessed that a part of this arrangement was that he would agree
to check into the activities of certain researchers, specifically
in Arizona and New Mexico and report these individuals activities
back to the Air Force, in effect was a government informant. Well
I was not present but apparently the persons attending the
symposium just about stoned the guy to death because uhh.. the
response was quite, quite negative. 

In essence there is no prevalent evidence on any level that the
MJ12 papers are legitimate despite the contentions of a couple of
persons who have promoted them to the public. 

As far as the trilateral commission, it has been alleged by some
persons that there are organizations in this country and elsewhere
that have a knowledge of events behind the scenes ,among other
things, related to UFOs and are engaged in this grand international
conspiracy or at least plan of action to either withhold or
eventually present this material to the world as a whole. In my
estimate and my opinion there is very little if any credible
evidence that there is a concerted effort on the part of the triad
trilat trilateral to engage in those activities. You will get a
much different opinion from other persons, thats my opinion.

Questions?  Yes'm.

Q: Is there ... planetary... ....??

A: The question relates to SDI, the so-called Star Wars space
defense program, I was asked dozens of times back in the 80s I
havent been heard that question in a long time. It had been
speculated that, the public posture of the government was that we
were developing weapons that would prevent Soviet missiles from
raining on the United States territory. For those of you who kept
track of SDI it was now basically dismissed largely not only by
critics but persons involved with the program as being much more of
a dream and less of a reality. Most of the projects have had very
poor results in terms of test data in terms of knocking down
objects in space, with a couple of exceptions. But there are for
example James Pike, who is a spokesman for the American Federation
of Scientists has published a number of opinions based on testimony
of persons involved with various projects saying well, this was
good PR but really there was more smoke than there was fire.

Now, the speculation was, in some quarters, was that the government
in reality was developing weapons to knock down UFOs rather than
Russian missiles. Again, it has been my experience that for every
hundred really neat stories, ghost stories I call them, like this,
when you dig into them and attempt to find some credible
information behind them, that information is generally lacking.
From my perspective and that of my associates of whom Im in touch
and work with, I can tell you that we are unaware of any credible
information suggesting that indeed SDI was a UFO directed project
or series of projects. 

Interestingly however, some of you may have seen tape of this, more
than once apparently in President Reagans later years in his
administration he made statements in the course of public speeches
in which he said in essence, I wonder if humankind would stop its
squabbling if they realized there was a threat from outer space, if
they would not band together to fight a threat from outer space,
and Ive seen taped interviews or taped segments of him making those
statements in the course of speeches, one was aired on this Larry
King program, whether or not he was trying to drop a heavy hint to
us or this was some sort of idle speculation at the presidential
level, one can wonder, but he is on record making those statements.

Yes?

Q: Um.. do researchers feel that the different sightings throughout
the years are connected in some ways in itself, what exactly..
blah blah..

A: Question is, is there any rhyme or reason to sighting reports,
is there any thing that they add up to.

Uhh.. the late Dr. J. Allen Hynek who was an astronomer, an arch-
skeptic on UFOs, he was the Air Forces civilian consultant on them
for many years.. he ultimately turned around 180 degrees became a
chief critic on the Air Forces policy on UFOs, a chief opponent for
their reality, compiled through a research group he had in Chicago,
it still exists today called CUFOS - center for UFO studies. They
built a database of U.S. citizen sighting reports over a several
decade period to attempt just that, to determine whether there was
any significance to sightings when they occurred, how they
occurred, what were the circumstances.

My understanding is that, sightings of UFOs have occurred any time
of day, any time of the year, under any weather condition, in the
most rural areas and the most urban areas, in some instances they
are international in scope, suddenly reported all over the world.
In 1947, 65, 73, 78 suddenly the whole planet was in an uproar over
sightings. In other instances they are very localized. In the late
1980s the Hudson River Valley of New York seemed to experience
thousands of UFO sighting reports.. So the bottom line was, no,
there is no clear cut pattern, or clear cut sense of what is going
on with these reports, and this Hyneks group was careful to point
out, rightly so, if every 10 UFO reports were rigorously examined
and analyzed and investigated it is likely that 9 of those 10 or 8
of those 10 would have prosaic conventional explanations. Honest
misidentification of man-made or natural phenomenon. But if you
take that 1 remaining sighting that defies conventional
explanation, multiply it by the number of sightings reported world-
wide since the late 40s you are left with a staggering number of
cases that simply cannot be explained away except in my estimate by
the most close-minded skeptic.

Now I have focused on the nuclear weapons related cases because I
had a personal attachment and link experience with that kind of
sighting. I think its not coincidental that UFO activities and
phenomenon greatly accelerated precisely at a time in our history
when we developed nuclear weapons. And indeed if you look at the
documents available in this country and the statements emerging
from the former Soviet Union it appears that at least part of what
UFOs are up to, so to speak, is a surveillance and perhaps even
tampering with our nuclear weapons systems for whatever reason. It
may well be that at this point in time the National Security
Council knows what is going on in that regard.. I dont, and I dont
think anyone in the public without a very high level of security
would know.

Yes?

Q:  ...documents... alien bodies... still remain at .. military
institutes including Langley Air Force base..

A:  There are no documents, this relates to documents relating to
bodies umm.., there are no documents relating to bodies that Im
aware of, legitimate documents.  You mentioned Langley Air Force
base, are you talking about the New Port News area?  Umm.. can you
tell me how you heard reference to that?

Questioner: ..heard that on Unsolved Mysteries..

Q:  Ok.. I wasnt aware that had been publicized. [Audience laughs]
Umm.. one of my associates, a man named Tod [Zeckel ?] who worked
for the National Security Agency, NSA, maintains adamantly that
based on investigations of a crashed recovery case of a saucer he
believes absolutely on the level that suggests that in that
instance in the December of 1950 the craft was not sent to Wright
Patterson but was sent to a facility at New Port News precursor of
NASA, NACA, in which allegedly this craft was stored. I was unaware
that Unsolved Mysteries had mentioned that particular location, Tod
has told me not to talk about it publically but apparently somebody
has already done that so. But documents per se, no not that Im
aware of.

Anyone else?  Questions?  Yes?

Q: What do you think about Jack Valleys Dimensions... ... olia..
aliens may be some mythic creature ... history..  like that.

A: Umm.. I would only say that he is entitled to that perspective,
um, he maintains that this is something that is part of human lore
for thousands of years and the question I suppose is whether or not
UFOs one would consider to be our modern version of elfs and
fairies or whether or not persons in past times were having
encounters with flesh and blood creatures from another world which
were perceived to be spirits or elfs and fairies. Im aware of Mr.
Valleys contentions, I find them interesting, In my estimate based
on what I know of radar data, gun camera film, testimony of former
and retired pilots who have attempted to intercept these objects,
in my estimate we are dealing with physical craft constructed by
beings who are obviously technologically superior to us. So I dont
think this is something that could be entirely [relegated] to the
realm of human folklore so to speak.

Anyone else? Yes?

Q: ... fire in the sky... abducted..

A: Question relates to this movie, Fire in the Sky, actually I
interviewed the man, Travis Walton, back in 1985 .. I must tell you
that what the movie preported as having happened was nothing like
what Mr. Walton claimed had happened, why the Hollywood decided to
jazz it up, but.. my opinion is that the man was entirely truthful
and very sincere and in fact for those of you who know the story
there were multiple witnesses who reported seeing the object
hovering in this forest, he is the only one who claims to have had
an onboard encounter with non-human entities. I interviewed him for
two hours at his home, he is either the most talented liar I have
met in my entire life or he is absolutely sincere and I believe to
be the latter, he has not sought publicity for himself, but again
what you see in the movie about what he alleged took place is
nothing like what he claims.

Anyone else?

Thank you for coming.

[Clap clap clap.]
------------

(End of File)

