SECRET HISTORY OF THE UFO Part 4
~DUST.FIL~
Picking up a paragraph C which is two lines below the top white
dot.

:: C) The size of the radar return was comparable to that of a
707 tanker. : (thats the military version of a Boeing 707
jetliner.. quite large) : the visual size of the object was
difficult to discern because of its intense brilliance. The light
that it gave off was that of flashing strobe lights arranged in a
rectangular pattern and alternating blue, green, red, and orange
in color. The sequence of the lights was so fast that all the
colors could be seen at once. ::

And now the action intensifies significantly...

:: The object and pursuing F-4 continued on a course to the south
of Tehran when another object brightly lighted object estimated
to be one half to one third the apparent size of the moon came
out of the original object. This second object headed straight
toward the F-4 at a very fast rate of speed. The pilot attempted
to fire an A9 (that is, air to air missile) at the object but at
that instant his weapons control panel went off and he lost all
communications. At this point the pilot initiated a turn and
negative G (or gravity dive) to get away. As he turned the object
fell in trail at what appeared to be about 3-4 nautical miles. As
he continued in his turn away from the primary object the second
object went to the inside of his turn and then returned to the
primary object for a perfect rejoin. ::

:: D) Shortly after the second object joined up with the primary
object another object appeared to come out of : (next slide
please) : the other side of the primary object going straight
down at a great rate of speed. The F-4 crew had regained
communications and the weapons control panel and watched the
object approach the ground anticipating a large explosion. This
object appeared to come to rest gently on the Earth and cast a
very bright light over an area of 2-3 kilometers. ::

There are then some lines devoted to the pilot returning to
[Cheroke] Air force base. Upon debriefing it was determined that
this pilot and indeed the pilot who had returned to base earlier
had to land their aircraft by instruments because their night
vision was severely impaired by the brilliance of the UFO. But
the aerial encounter wasnt over yet. Picking up 3 lines above the
lower white dot.

:: While the F-4 was on a long final approach the crew noticed
another cylinder shaped object about the size of a T-Bird at 10
meters : (A TBird is a small military jet training aircraft) :
with bright steady lights on each end and a flasher in the
middle. ::

Again, upon debriefing it was determined that this reference to a
T-Bird at 10 meters was based on the pilot and the backseater, as
hes called, radarman on this aircraft, stating to their
debriefers that as they were approaching the base for a final
touchdown this object, cylinder shaped object, in effect buzzed
their aircraft narrowly missing it at an estimated distance of 10
meters or some 30 feet. 

Next slide please.

And finally this teletype concludes with paragraph E which is
about 5 lines below the top white dot.

:: E) During daylight, the F-4 crew was taken out to the area in
a helicopter where the object apparently had landed. Nothing was
noticed at the spot where they thought the object landed : (a dry
lakebed) : but as they circled off to the west of the area they
picked up a very noticeable beeper signal. At the point where the
return was loudest was a small house with a garden. They landed
and asked the people within if they had noticed anything strange
last night the people talked about a loud noise and a very bright
light like lightning. The aircraft and area where the object is
believed to have landed are being checked for possible radiation.
::

And then finally, this last gap in the final paragraph is a
reference to the defense attache' at the U.S. embassy indicating
he will forward more information to Washington as it becomes
available. Again, the U.S. State department censored this
individual's identity at the time this was released.

Now, it has been determined that the defense intelligence
agencies, the military CIA, did conduct a exhaustive analysis of
this case. They have admitted that they did issue a report
relating to their investigation. They maintain however in
response to freedom of information requests by researchers that
information in this report is exempt from provisions of the
freedom of information act and to my knowledge have these many
years thus far refused to release this particular report to the
public. And so we as researchers and you the public cannot know
much more about this case then what I have presented here.

Interestingly, the FOX program Sightings which does UFO segments
actually had taped for the first time to my knowledge a number of
the military personnel at [Cheroke] Air Force Base including some
pilots who were involved in this incident. Theyve all fled Iran
and the Ayatollah regime. They now live in Western Europe or the
United States. And the individuals corroborated in this program
precisely the events that were presented here. And one of the
individuals were asked by the interviewer 'Could this have been a
spy plane?' and his response was "Perhaps a spy plane from outer
space."

Next slide please.

-------
One last document.

I noted earlier that the reproduction quality of some of the
documents in the public domain was rather poor. This one wins a
prize in that regard I think. But what it has to say is rather
interesting.

This FBI memo was sent to the then director J. Edgar Hoover on
March 22, 1950. It was written by one Guy [Ontel?] who was the
special agent in charge of the Washington FBI office. The subject
of this memo is quote: 
::  Flying Saucers Information Concerning ::

The first sentence and other parts of the memo have been censored
by the FBI when this was released in 1976 through the freedom of
information act. 

As much of it as we can read, as is, is as follows:

::  The following information was furnished especially for :
(whoever) : by : (whoever) :  An investigator for the Air Force
stated that that three so-called flying saucers had been
recovered in New Mexico. They were described as being circular in
shape with raised centers. Approximately 50 feet in diameter.
Each one was occupied by 3 bodies of human shape but only 3 feet
tall. Dressed in metallic cloth of a very fine texture. Each body
was bandaged in a manner similar to the blackout suits used by
speed flyers and test pilots. According to Mr. : (whoevers) :
informant the saucers were found in New Mexico due to the fact
that the government has a very high power radar setup in that
area and it is believed that the radar interferes with the
control mechanism of the saucers. No further evaluation was
attempted by special agent : (whoever) : concerning the above. ::

Now, at first glance this is very intriguing stuff. Some have
called this the smoking gun document, the document that proves
that the government has in its possession craft and bodies
confirming the extra-terrestrial nature of the UFOs. In my
opinion, however, it falls far short of that. In the first
instance the name of the original source of the information and
the FBI special agent to whom the information was given; those
individual's identities remain unknown. Assuming optimistically
that they are still alive 44 years after the writing of this
document, researchers cannot approach them to attempt to illicit
additional information that would either tend to confirm or
refute the statements made in this memorandum. Beyond that very
fundamental problem the document is very vaguely worded. It does
not for example identify the specific location of this radar
installation in New Mexico, it does not indicate clearly whether
these alleged crashes occurred simultaneously or over some period
of time, it does identify what component or components of the
military or the government were involved in the recovery of these
alleged craft, crashed craft, and it gives no hint whatsoever as
to what became of these craft and bodies if indeed they were
recovered.

So, if one is to be conservative all one can say is that in March
of 1950, J. Edgar Hoover, director of the FBI, was privately
informed that the government had secretly recovered crashed
flying saucers and if you read this I think the inference is that
we are dealing with craft piloted by beings whos origin is not of
this planet. Let me assure you this is absolutely authentic, any
one of you could write to the FBI tomorrow, direct your letter to
the freedom of information officer at the bureau, mention the
date of this memorandum, you can get a copy directly from
Washington if you wish.

This may or may not relate to the so-called Roswell incident
which occurred some 3 years earlier. Now Ive covered that briefly
in my slide show, this particular episode has gotten quite a bit
of national attention in recent years through programs such as
Unsolved Mysteries. I would only add at this juncture that two
researchers; one named Kevin Randall, the other Don Schmidt have
interviewed and gotten on record over 200 former and retired
military personnel including two retired Air Force generals
making statements finally for the first time as to what really
occurred in southeastern New Mexico in July of 1947. I mentioned
General Thomas [DuBoughes ?] who stated he knew for a fact that
the weather balloon story was a cover story designed to get media
attention and public attention away from the recovery operation
back in New Mexico. The second person worth mentioning I believe
is retired Air Force brigadier general Arthur Exxon. In 1990
researcher Kevin Randall got general Exxon to state in a recorded
interview that he, Exxon, was at Wright Field, later Wright
Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton Ohio, when according to
later General Exxon stated literally planeloads of debris from
this object arrived at the base for analysis. There are at that
base even to this day components of aeronautical engineering
teams which are engaged in various technology assessments of
foreign aircraft. According to general Exxon in the months that
he was at Wright field before being transferred elsewhere he was
told by persons involved in these attempts to analyze this
recovered debris, that no headway could be made, they could not
determine its origin or of method of manufacture; that it was
extraordinary to say the least and uny, uhh.. unlike anything
that either we or the then Soviet Union was known to have. 

At one point during this taped interview with Kevin Randall,
general Exxon refers to the object recovered at Roswell as
quote:  :: A craft from space :: endquote. 

For those of you who may have seen the Larry King UFO special
that aired this past October 1st, you may have seen a brief taped
segment with former U.S. senator Barry Goldwater. Goldwater, for
those of you too young to remember was the republican
presidential candidate in 1964 running against Lyndon Johnson. He
was in the senate for many many years, had very many high level
positions involved with the senate, oversight operations of the
intelligence community, this individual was also the [?] general
in the Air Force reserves for decades.

Goldwater for years has stated that he had heard from persons
within our government whom he considered reliable that at Wright
Patterson Air Force base there was a facility commonly known as
Hanger 18, Senator Goldwater refers to it as The Blue Room, in
which Goldwater sources told him was physical evidence confirming
the existence of alien spacecraft. General, or excuse me, Senator
Goldwater in this taped segment with Larry King uh.. acknowledged
on tape for the first time that indeed he had asked every chief
of staff of the Air Force for 20 some years to gain access to the
Blue Room in that he was U.S. senator, he was a general in the
Air Force reserve.. Goldwater states in this taped interview that
every chief of staff he asked rebuffed him and he quotes a man
named general Curtis [Lamey ? (sounds like La Mey) ] in the early
60s as saying "Hell no, you cant go, I cant go, and dont ask me
again."

When the interview concludes the interviewer asks Goldwater
'Do you think our government knows that UFOs are real and are 
keeping this fact from the American public?'
His response was:  "Yes."


[Local: Ping, 'stop it', ping, 'stop it']
Now what I emphasize to my audience is even though finally we
have on the public record persons of the stature of Goldwater,
the two generals I mentioned, and literally dozens of other
former high ranking military people testifying as to what
actually occurred at Roswell, it sure wasnt a weather balloon, it
wasnt a spy balloon as is the Pentagons latest version of the
events, but something quite extraordinary. This is all still
circumstantial evidence, this is not physical proof that the
object recovered at Roswell was indeed a craft from space as
Exxon has stated.

But at the very least I think one has to ask onesself why persons
of these stature ..uh..  would now come forward and make what
seem to be, on their face, rather bizarre claims. My opinion
based on what I know about the Roswell case is that indeed it
will be found in time, at some point in the future, that our
government has had in its possession absolute proof, physical
evidence, that indeed UFOs are craft from another world.
[Local whisper: Steven Speilburg might do the movie. (laugh) No,
Im serious.]

Next slide please.

-----------------

For those of you who would like to acquire up to 600 pages
of these now unclassified documents on UFOs..

[I talk overtop of him:
      Fund for UFO Research
      P.O. Box 277
      Mt. Reiner, Maryland 20712 ]

... The fund for UFO research is a registered non-profit research
organization in the state of Maryland. This group currently sells
sets of documents, 3 sets.. 200 pages each, the funds generated
by the sales of the documents go to fund various research
projects into the UFO phenomenon. If you wish to acquire these
documents simply write to the fund and ask for their list of
publications.

Now I am not affiliated with the fund, Ive not made a nickel off
the sales of these documents, but Ive publicized this because in
my estimate this is the most direct, efficient, way for the
average person to acquire these now declassified documents.

And now a very brief conclusion.

[Local babble: ..'very brief'..] 

----------
At this point in time...

[I repeated the address at this point
 overtop of Mr. Hastings statements..]

... wealth of evidence proving the existence of an official, high
level, ongoing, policy of secrecy on UFOs on the part of the U.S.
military and intelligence community. Whether or not this
deception of the public was and is justifiable, I believe, is
open to debate. The fact that it has occurred now, however, is
irrefutable. In my opinion it is simply a question of time,
whether it be tomorrow or twenty years from now, before all of
this will be officially acknowledged. Probably not only in this
country, but all over the world. And in my estimate, the best
thing that we all can do in the meantime is to set aside our
prejudices, our preconceived notions, about UFOs, our tabloid
mentality concept of what they are and are not, and begin to
consult credible sources of information as to what the U.S.
government has had to confront, in secrecy, for the past 4
decades.

In short I think we are all in for a very rude awakening.

And finally Ill say this:
 On the subject of UFOs noone has all the answers, I sure dont.
But I guarantee what you have seen and heard here tonight is far
closer to the truth than anything the U.S. government has told
you about UFOs. 

Could we have the house lights up please..

--------------

This is the Question & Answer 
bit at the end..

--------------

HASTINGS:  Questions?
           Yes..?


Q: What can you tell us about the [Blue Burgers ?? sorry.. couldnt
hear] and the trilateral commission, or just the 12.

A: The question relates to 3 separate entities, let me take the
example of MJ-12 first. Um.. every document that I've shown you has
a pedigree.. meaning that, one can if one wishes not to take my
word for it, but do research on your own to determine the
authenticity of these items, you can from the agencies that
released these documents tracing back to their points of origin, if
in fact the individuals were involved in this or thats documents
creation or the incidents described in them, are still alive, you
can approach these individuals and hope to get official
information.


