RIP BOOT SECTOR

BOOT SECTOR CREATOR/RIPPER                                   Made by JEFF

Here is the lamest code i never seen, coz it's made to rip bootsectors.
(Note from Bonus: ->His own words !!!)

The first version of dis utility was made a year ago. In this new version
there's an option to create a boot contening your gfx. Enjoy it

F1: LOAD BOOT SECTOR
Copy the boot sector from disk A to memory. Some boot can't be ripped with
this programme. It can be easily changed but i'm a very lazy coder.

F2: SAVE BOOT SECTOR
Copy the boot sector from memory to disk A. And make it exectable.
The disk musn't be write protect.

F3: LOAD A BOOT FILE
Load a file, contening a boot-sector. The extension of files is *.BIN.
You can only load files saved with the F4 option. If you choose another file
it'll probably scratch the disk

F4: SAVE A BOOT FILE
Save the boot sector in memory as a file. You have to choose a name. The
extension is *.BIN. The disk must be unprotected. This option is usefull
if ya want to change text in a boot sector. (Who said, boot ripper???)
You only have to load the *.BIN files with mutil for example and change
the data. Then use the F3 option to reloaded it an then the F2 one.

F5: MAKE A BOOT FILE
This new option allows you to create your own bootsector. First a Degas 
picture name is asked with the fileselector (*.PI1). Choose an unpacked
low res picture. If you choose a picture that not exist a default boot
sector will be created. If all goes weel you have a mouse-moving box;
with it can choose a tiny part of the screen (16*64) in only 2 bitplanes.
Click on a mouse button to confirm and that's all. You now have in memory
a boot sector that displays the gfx, with the fist 4 colors of the picture.

F6: VIEW
Display the second part of the boot sector on the screen. 

The bootsector made with the F5 option is a piece of code made by your
sevant. It's my first 68000 lines of code. The sound effects were made by
DEJANEIRO. Thanks to him. In this bootsector there's no detection of 
memory resident virusses. All room is taken by the GFX.

If you want to contact\fuck\greet me the contact:

Clement Jeff  1 Reu de la Boucherie   56000 Vannes   France


                                                        Text re-typed by
                                                         Bonus Software

