DBA INTERVIEWER


The D.B.A. Interviewer prg.

The "What" prg. Yes a interviewer prg, cause that seems to be the only way
to get some good interviews around here. But okay stop the nonsens and let's
take a closer look to what it is. 

This is just a small utility made by us to interview you or anybody else.
Since we don't know everybody that reads our magazine and we can't travel
around the world as easy (because it costs to much) we can't take a personal
interview from everyone. So that's why we made this prg to do it for us.

And lot's of people want to fill it in cause they seem to like it. "How do
you know that !", you might ask yourself. Easy, i took i with me at the
Deusseldorf Messe and see the result of it in the INTERVIEW corner. It's 
filled to the bottom !!!. And we already have 10 for the next time and
not even everybody that wanted to fill the interview got a chance. So thats
the reason why we put it on this disk magazine so everybody can fill it in
with ease. It's a interviewer with about 68 questions, a lot so you will
have to go and sit down for about 30 minuts but it will be worth it !!!
YOU WILL GET FAMOUS, or at least a bit better known to everybody. 

How things work in the interviewer ??? Just read the instruction file in
the beginning of the interviewer and you will know it all. But don't forget
to read it cause there are some thing you should know before you start.

If you make a mistake or afterwards want to change an answer, just load it in
Tempes or 1ST WORD+ (WP Modus off !!) and you can alter you text.
I also wanted to thank the DNT crew for the idea, they made the first inter-
viewer i ever saw so they deserve the credit of the idea.

If you send in your interview, or even better from the whole crew you're in
you will get your disk back with the newest issue (and probably the issue
were you interview is on) of the DBA magazine. So what have you got to loose
except for those 30 minuts ??? Come on and boot the prg up, in med res that
is !!!.

Until next time,                                Bonus Software



