MODULE PLAYER .APP


A new module player as application.

Yep what do we have here, another nice utility to play your modules.
This little module player was coded and send in by Dave Malins of the
Pixel Twins.
It plays modules on either the Atari ST and STE with very good quality.
On STE machines it play at 25Khz so it sounds even better.

An application ???

Yes well this kind of prg isn't used very much so it deserves a bit of
explaining before you can use it. There are two way to use this prg:

1) On the desktop you choose a .MOD file (klick on it once so it turns
   black and hold the mouse button down) and drag it to the MODPLAY.APP.
   This way it will start the APP and will play the choosen .MOD file.

2) You can install the application using a option in the DESKTOP.
   
    How to install an .APP file.

    It's very ease, that is if you know how it is done. But here is an
    helping hand. On the desktop you choose MODPLAY.APP (just klick on it
    so it turns black) and the you go to the OPTIONS in the desktop.
    You can see that can choose INSTALL APPLICATIONS. Just klick on it
    and the following DIALOG BOX will appear.
        ~DIALOG.BL2~                           
                
                                               Just like the one here, maybe
                                               there a slight differences  
                                               because of different TOS 
                                               versions, but the main idea 
                                               stays the same.
                                                
                                               You have to fill in some
                                               small things so let's start.


                                               ( P.S. nice option don't you 
                                                 think, pictures in text ?)

    You will have to fill in the DOCUMENT TYPE,see (1), just type "MOD"
    there. Then you will have to fill in the BOOT STATUS, see (2). Just
    klick on "NORMAL", most of the time that's also the default so you 
    won't have to change it.
    Then there is the APPLICATION TYPE, see (3), just klick on "GEM", also
    most of the time default so you won't have to change that.         
    After you've don that all press INSTALL, see (4), or just Return/Enter
    on the keyboard.
    Now you have installed an APPLICATION, if you now klick twice on a .MOD
    file it will start first the MODPLAY.APP and the load the choosen file
    itself and starts to play. Very nice indeed.
    But if you press RESET now all installations will be lost !!! To prefend
    that you will have to save the desktop by using SAVE DESKTOP. This way
    all you installations will be saved and the next time you start up with
    this disk it will be done for you. But remember the file MODPLAY.APP
    must be on the disk you load the module from or else it will give an
    error like CAN'T FIND FILE OR APPLICATION.

So that was a lot of explaining, but it's so clear now that even a dog could do 
it ( well at least i think !! ). I hope you like this player.
       
                                        Player by: Dave Malins
                                        Text and explaining: Bonus Software


