CRACKED SOCKS ?


           How I cracked 'My Socks Are Weapons' Dentro by Legacy
           -----------------------------------------------------


If you think that this article is going to tell you how to rip other
demos and put them into files, then you are very mistaken.  What I have
done is strike it lucky with one of my usual 'what happens if ....'
sessions which occur late at night (in this case I had just been to
see "Don't Tell Mom The Babysitter's Dead" at the cinema !!) when I
am supposed to be doing something else (eg. revising or programming my
Professional Virus Killer !!).

I recently received this demo (thanks to TGA from NPG) and I was impressed.
I have only seen one other 'dentro', and that was by Hemoroids.  This dentro
shows off some nice effects with a funky module playing in the background.
I don't know if there are any enhancements on the STE, as I do not own one.

Anyway, back to the article.  I had loaded this demo several times to check
my own personal copy, plus all the others that I had sent to friends and
contacts around the world !!  I noticed that as the screen was black,
the all-too-familiar 'hertz-overload' noise was emitting from my speaker.
This generally is a sign that the authors of the demo do not want some
lamer poking around their code - I was not interested in their code, just
curious in general !!  After all, what would I have any interest in a demo
written in 68000, when I am a GFA BASIC programmer ??

Seeing as my trusty Ultimate Ripper was plugged in, I switched it on and
started to scan low down in the STs' memory ($80000 onwards) looking for
some bootsector code to follow.

I found the code and searched for any JMP calls.  I found a few here and
there and traced them until I eventually found the magic jump I was
looking for (any jokes about wizards and rabbits will be left out !!).

The jump was to address $DDA (or $80DDA for Ultimate Ripper owners !!).
I looked at this address, followed it through using the text monitor and
I found a little sign.  About 220 bytes from this address, I found the
word 'ATM5', which is the packer header for Atomic v3.5 by Altair/MCS.
Searching a few bytes forward revealed the packed data.  By looking at
the header, which is 3 longwords, I found out how long this packed
data was.  I jumped to this address to check the length of the packed
data, then I saved a block of memory to disk from address $80DDA to 
the end of the packed file.

The next job was to find an appropriate bit of source code that I had
adapted from some brainy demo-cracker, which I have included with this
article.

Basically, this source code can be used with any piece of raw data that
runs from a particular address that your ST wouldn't normally want you
to access !!  Simply alter the relocation addresses and the 'jmp'
address and (providing your addresses are OK), your piece of code should
run happily as if nothing was wrong.

The last thing to do was assemble the source code to disk, run it (without
any hard-drives switched on, just in case) and cross your fingers !!

As you can see when you load the demo, the text appears, you press a key,
the colours flash a bit, the blue screen means that the relocation is
done and then you wait a few seconds for the code to unpack and run.

I hope you enjoyed this article, and I apologise to Legacy for using your
excellent dentro as an example.  I hope you won't be offended !!

MUG U.K¿ - 30/6/1992

