TERMINAL FUCK UP

X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X

                   TERMINAL FUCK UP REVIEW
                       - by Sanity -

X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X

Here it is, the magic moment.......
The very first Falcon demo review in the D.B.A. magazine, read and wheep,

                           THE DEMO

This little demo was first demonstrated on the Fried Bits party in
Bremen.
It's an improved "clone" of the original demo on the Amiga, the Falcon
version has a lot more colors and it runs in one vertical blank.   
This demo is one of the first good Falcon demo's that showes what the
machine is capable of.
It uses true color and a module playing on 50 Khz, it contains graphics
by Tyrem of the Respectables and JMS of Animal Mine.
The coding was done Chaos and the module was made by Jester, the mod was
taken from the original Amiga demo.

It all starts with an (ugly)info screen made (i think on purpose or because 
through lack of time)in Degas Elite with the credits.                        
After that, lots of colors come on the screen accompagnied by the good module
tune and then the real fun starts !
The screen gets filled with nice drawed Falcon logo's and the whole things
zooms in and out while rotating the screen.
I must remark here that they don't use the whole screen only a big part
of it's actual size !

The in 'n out zooming continue's and the hundereds of colors are changing
constantly.
After a while the Falcon logo's get replaced by some other graphics but
a couple of seconds later it all changes back like it was before.
Almost at the end of the show the screen gets also distorted while the
whole thing keeps zooming and rotating.

The show will keep repeating itself till you have enough of it.

                            CONCLUSION

Terminal Fuck Up is a very good demo that gives a good example of the
power that the Falcon has.
I've seen the demo's quite a few times and i'm still impressed by it.

It's difficult to give the demo ratings because i haven't seen much
of the other demo's for the Falcon. 
But anyway here they come......

Coding     : 7+
Graphics   : 7+
Music      : 7
Orginality : 6

Overall    : 7+

Those are not bad figures for one of the first good demo's on the Falcon
i personally think........
Lets hope to see some more of at least this quality !!!

Slimer of the D.B.A. 
