9 THINGS TO DO

             --- 9 THINGS TO DO WHEN YOU OWN AN AMIGA ---

1. Kill yourself
2. Kill your family
3. Kill your contacts
4. Kill your dealer (Dr. Josef Mengele)
5. Go to a psychiatrist
6. Go directly to jail, if you pass start you will not receive $20.000
7. Go with the wind
8. Why not go mad?
9. Read "Self-Ignition Techniques" by Jan Pallach

               --- SOME TRICKS TO DESTROY AN AMIGA ---

1. Turn it upside down (all socketed chips will fall out). If this trick 
   doesn't work inmediatly, try shaking it.
2. Stick in a 3,5" disk upside down and bash it quite firmly inside.
3. Connect it's diskdrive-port directly to 380V power current.
4. Take it with you to a football match between FC Den Haag and Ajax.
5. Let it be used by any decent Atari owner (coz' he will use one of the 
   above tricks).

              --- TOTALLY TRUE STORIES ABOUT THE AMIGA ---

1. It's stereo output is only capable of playing samples of only upto 9 KhZ 
   effectively.
2. The Amiga's RS-232 serial port can't communicate at any higher speeds as
   14400 baud due to a fault in it's chipset.
3. 90% of today's games are designed on the ST, then converted to the Amiga.
4. 90% of Amiga demo's are made with a democreator.
5. 100% of Amiga owners are lamers.
6. The Amiga's system software is not able to switch off a diskdrive 
   completely (click.....click.....click.....).
7. It functions as a nice decorative vacuum cleaner.

                   --- SIMPLE WAYS TO ANNOY PEOPLE ---

1. When in absolute silence (e.g. an exam), a simple click can make people 
   go absolutely mad. Useful items are 'click'-ballpoints, metal pins and 
   scissors.
2. Another real annoying sound can be produced with a simple calculator / 
   diary. Some of them give a loud 'BEEP' when you enter a wrong command.
3. Watches with alarms are great fun too.
4. Some kinds of hard candy (peppermint, hard sugar candy) can produce loud
   'knack's' when you crush them between your teeth. Practice!
5. Remember: 2 soft belches are twice as effective as one loud one.
6. Remember the old Chinese saying: Hit a man on his head and you'll get him
   mad for a week. Rag a man a year long and you'll irritate him for a
   lifetime.

Havoc 1992

