DENTIST

HELP, I have to go to the dentist!! I have this gigantic hole in
my tooth! It's not that I dislike the man, but I am not very 
fond of him either. For example: You are sitting in the 
waiting-room reading a comic and then suddenly you hear a scream. 
AAAARRRGGGHH !!!!
"Oh, I'm sorry, I pulled the wrong one! Tell you what, I'll pull 
the right one for free!!"
"AAAARRRRGGGHHH!!!!"
"Damn, now where did I leave my glasses?"
"AAAAAH, OOOOOOH, HELP,THIS MAN IS INSANE!!!"
"Okay, all done, next patient please!"

"Hi, I'm miss A.S.!!"
"Good, have a seat miz Ase!"
"It's A.S."
"Yeah, yeah, what ever, just sit down!"
I climbe on the chair and open my mouth. The dentist looks in it
and says:"Jippie, so I can go to the Bahamas this year!!!"
I don't know what to think about it, but I dont think it's very 
good. He grabs the drill and suddenly I remember what I read this
morning in the paper: MAD MAN ESCAPED,THINKS HE IS A DENTIST.
                      
                      A man has escaped from the hospital and
                      he thinks he is a dentist. He has molested
                      a couple of people. He is not very danger-
                      ous: he only likes to pull teeth and drill
                      in them. If you see him don't try to catch
                      him. He is harmless, but he carries an uzi
                      a revolver, an axe and a teddybear!!!

Suddenly I sweat out of every hole I can sweat out. I say to my
self: "Don't worry, this is not the mad man."
I really start to worry when he starts to sing: "Oh my teddy, oh
my teddy, oh my teddy, teddy-bear!!"  
Oh my God, he is a terrible singer, but for some dark reason I 
don't dare tell him that. Then everything happens very fast. 
Five policemen come in and one of them sais: "The Mad man, whe 
found him!" The Mad Man tries to get away,but the policemen can
catch him.A couple of days later they find out that the Mad Man
is really the Mad Woman. But there is one thing I really want to
know:  WHEN ARE THEY GONNA LET ME OUT OF HERE!!!!

Greetings of yours only: Miss A.S.   

