FAITH
Supplied by MATT of the Untouchables
------------------------------------

                          MANKIND TONIGHT
                         =================

Hello and welcome to Mankind Tonight - the UP-TO-DATE philosophy show that
brings you destiny and being as they happen. Tonight our studio audience are 
in a state of definite uncertainty and they're ready to discuss tonight's 
topics
And here comes Cratius our lovely (if somewhat fat,wizened and bearded) 
hostess.
to reveal Tonight's Topic. Don't keep us in suspense, Cratius.

                            FAITH


Yes, faith. We'll be talking about faith tonight on Mankind Tonight - the show
that ponders, contemplates and masticulates. Join us after the break.


clapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclap
pclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapcla


Welcome back. We're ready to talk about Faith now. Would anybody like to start
us off?

No. Well that is a good point. This demonstrates a remarkable faith. Would
anybody like to remark?

No. Well then let me present an argument. Consider man. His only existence his
faith. Contemplate him as he goes about the business of life on his lowest
plane of self.

- Doing his groceries.

Yes, a most pertinent point. Man, doing his groceries, on his lowest plane of
self. So, doing his groceries, man approaches the checkout - on a cosmic or
indeed an animal level - when he is modified by a realisation. The realisation
postulates that "This checkout has been removed due to lack of faith." Is this
the cornerstone of man's self-chlorination? Or is it his downfall? Join us
after the break.


clapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclap
pclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapcla


Welcome back. I believe we have a postulate from the audience, yes, with the
furrowed brow, in the third row, and the contemplative posture?

- Indeed. I rather fancy that perhaps our friend, well he is universal rather,
man, should not allow a deficiency of faith to overcome him?

You mean should he modulate himself towards the checkout's temporal level?

- Well indeed, rather. You see, should the checkout as it were, have ceased to
exist through deficiency of faith, should it not indeed be possible to 
recreate.
the same simply through belief?

clapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclap
pclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapcla

Mmmmmmmmm. So if man believes in his temporal checkout, his very temporal self
is modified. But can he believe in something which never  existed?

- Well to do so is a violation neither of philosophers' nor of supermarket
assistants' union regulations.

Perhaps, but if it never existed is man's faith not a self-defeating tragedy?

- But does this not preclude the rationalisation that man himself exists?

> Well he is after all doing his groceries.

- Nobody asked you.

But do we speak of man more as a purchaser of cornflakes or of Flash liquid?
This is a crucial uncertainty.

- Quite. But nonetheless is it not fair to say that if neither man nor the 
checkout exist then can he not destroy or modify the checkout? Is he not in  
short the ultimate controller of his own checkout?

> That's the most moronically mindbogglingly stupid thing I've ever heard.

Shut up. ...But what is faith?

> Well I don't know, do I?

Nuke him.

- Faith is of course a dual entity.

And what is man?

> Bleuuurghaurrrrrhhhh!!  (splat)

- And what of course is a checkout.

Join us next week for the uncertainties to these and other questions including
the existence of this show and the beeping noises made by cash registers.

clapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclap
pclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapclapcla


