HOLIDAYS

HOLIDAYS

OHHHH.... thank God, a moment for myself...

The day I wrote this is: Saturday 27 Februari, Metallica is 
playing in the background, my computer is running, and my 
brandnew airband scanner is scanning the air. If life could
be always like this.

Last week we had what we call in Holland the "krokus"vakantie.
This is a holiday we have in Holland, and what a holiday it was
indeed. Howcome? I'll tell you

Mondays: well it was a nice day but there was still some home-
work for me to do. Now I am attending this new technical school
they expect me to do some homework. Even during the holidays, 
what am I typing? especially  during the holidays. Most of the 
teachers think: "Ahhh what the heck, the have some days off, so
they can do this, and do that". Nice day for starting a holiday.

In the evening I promised my friends I attend some karate-lessons.
Normally my school-roster doesn't let me, but I had vacation so
what the heck. This was about seven, and we had to get there by 
train so I had to leave home at about 18.00h. This training ended
at about eight and as normally we trained some Judo after that.I
came home at about 23.30h. and went straight to bed.

Tuesdays: Still had to do some homework but I couldn't 
concentrate so I coded a small program I promised Bonus. Watched
some television and repaired my uncle's remote control. (Now that
I am attending an electrotechnical school everybody seems to think
I know everything about electronics. But still I am first-years)
Anyway, I fixed the thing and it still works. I did some small 
chores at home and tried coding again.

Wednesday: I finished my homework, and went early to bed after I 
had packed some things.

Thursday: BEEP BEEP, bang <SILENCE> huh? geeze 5 o' clock???!
Oh yeah, today's my militairy examination. I'm obliged by the
government to let me have my militairy examination, and they
decided to do so in the HOLIDAYS..... BASTARDS!!!!!!!. 

6 O' clock, I'm walking my way to the station after I had 
parked my bycicle. Got all my diploma's and other important
papers when I see my cousin walking towards me. He's a few 
years older than me, and he has been in the army already. 
"He Marco what are you doing around here at this time of day"
-"Militairy examination"
"Hmmm. figures."
-"So what are you doing around here at this time?"
"I have to work"
The train is arriving by now.
-"I have to go to Groningen, so I can't travel all the way with
you, have to get out in Meppel."
"That's okey"
6 minutes later we arrive in Meppel, and after twenty minutes
of waiting the train to Groningen leaves. An hour later I'm at
my destination. First we get a nice instruction film about 
the priveleges we have and that have to protect them: BLA BLA
AND MORE NONSENSE.

After that the urine-test, and a personal conversation about
the army, and some more tests, and the medical part. 

The funny thing about all this is: I had to wait for twenty
minutes, than I had to do something (for instance personal 
conversation.) and after 5 minutes I stood outside and I could
wait again. Some boys needed a quarter of an hour for a part
which I did in five minutes. Seemed very strange to me. 

But okay they told me I was suitable to join the army when
I finished my study. (Oh boy what fun I'm exited already)

They promised me we would be ready at 11.30 I got out of
the building at a quarter past twelve, and I was back home 
at 14.30.

Anyway another day messed up.

Fridays: Oh boy my birthday, I'm 18 years old now. My mother
woke me up at 10 o' clock. At 10.30 my first driving-lesson 
started. (In Holland you may not drive a car when your not
an adult. (Geeze I am an adult.) So now I'm trying to get
my drivers-licence.)

The instructor told me I had done well, and it must be possible
for me to get such a nice peace of pink paper.
(I still have to send some flowers to that nice policeman that
couldn't jump away in time.)

A mate of me rang me in the afternoon if we'd go out and play
some soccer and volleyball at half past four. I aggreed and 
so we did. After that I trained some jiu jitsu, and went to home.

Saturdays: In the morning some training again from ten till twelve.
In afternoon some training again in a place called Kampen were a
grand-master gave some judo lessons. Well it was fun, I really 
enjoyed the training. We came home at about six, and after
supper I took a shower, and now I'm typing and typing, and 
typing and typing...............................................

Well, now I really need a holiday. Ah, Monday school starts, so
I can rest again. 

Yours,

O.T.M.

(CODING, CRAP, CRAP AND CODING.)


