ZOMBIE STORY 1
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    THE ATTACK OF THE MUTANT ZOMBIE'S


The first sun rays shine through my bedroom window, i open my eyes and
look at the wall where the sun rays create shiny figures.
I stretch myself, i've got a couple of weeks vacation and that thought makes
me relax and turn over once more in my bed.
The neighbour living above me is a single man with only a cat as compagnion,
he seems to be lonely because he always yells at his cat and laughs loudly
when he watches television( honest ).

This time he walks like an elephant through his house, reminding me that it
is about time to move out of the flat to a "normal" house.
I can't sleep anymore with him bounching through the room, so i decide to
get out of my bed.
After washing and dressing myself i turn on my computer and boot the D.B.A.
diskmagazine.
There are still a few things in this issue i don't like, so i begin to edit
a couple of articles that where send in by some people.
After that i give them their place in the magazine shell.

****************

In the meantime somewhere on a military base the alarm goes.........
Doctor X, doctor X, what's going on !?
I really don't know general yells the doctor, the subject must have escaped
from the lab.

Can we kill it yells the general back ( while the sirenes make loud noises )
Yes, you must shoot it right between the eyes or blow it's head completly off
it's the only possible way to kill it instantly, yells the doctor back.
Okay i seal off the whole area and call in special forces, this has gone way
out of hand.

--
The sirenes stop and lots of soldiers are running over the base, it looks
like complete chaos, but still everybody is doing their task.
Then suddenly there is the sounding of gunfire near the main-gate.
--
 
A jeep is driving towards the general and the doctor, they both climb in it
and leave for the main-gate.
After half a minute they arrive at the gate, there are numerous of dead body's
lying on the ground from dead guards.
There is complete chaos and some soldiers are walking around in shock.
Both the general and the doctor jump out of the vehicle and walk towards a 
soldier who is sitting against the guardhouse.
The doctor tries to calm him and after some minutes the soldier begins to
murmle some words......he go...t...he got away, we never had a chance.
They both pick the poor guy up and lay him in the jeep and the driver takes
off for the hospital.

--
More soldiers arrive on the scene and they take care of the wounded and they
put the dead soldiers in body-bags.
The doctor says to one of the officers to bring the body's to the lab for
further examination.

***************

After a while i get bored with the magazine stuff and i decide to turn on
the radio to listen to the 11 'o clock news.
The newsman starts with an accident on a militairy NAVO base in Germany:
Military sourches say: that a mad soldier started shooting at everything that
moves, he was killed by guards.
That's all for now says the newsman and begins with the national newsreports.

Poor bastards i think and i turn the radio off, i rather listen to some music
on my CD player.
After a hour of listing it's time for the 12 'o clock news, i've just want
to hear if there is more news on the shooting.
The newsman says nothing anymore about the shooting and only talks about
some attack on Irak with an atomic bomb.
A bit disappointed i turn the radio off and i wonder why the newsman never
mentioned the shooting anymore.

*************

At the NAVO base are the first special forces arriving in helicopters.
The leader of these forces is brought to general quaters and reports in.

Captain S. Lam reporting for duty sir, me and my man are at your command.
Sit down captain (the captain takes a seat) and i inform you about what is
going on( the general begins with the story ).
We have a major disaster on our hands captain, you know that this base
has a laboratory that is specialised in bacterial warfare(the capt. nods yes).
Well, some years ago doctor X came across a remarkable new virus, this virus
was made by accident while the doctor was crossing some other virusses with 
eachother.
The actual virus was made to penetrate the human brain and eating away the
most vital areas that a human needs to control hisself.
But the virus that the doctor accidently created had some nasty side effects.

Not only did it eat away those vital control areas of the brain, no it also
accelerated the production of adrenaline with enormous speed making the
victim extremly strong.
The virus also produces an unknown substance that turnded the victim into some
sort of living but dead creature.
A zombie mumbels the captain (stunned), yes that's the word says the general
a real zombie.

One of the guards of the laboratory was contaminated with this virus after
he droped a tube containing the virus while bringing it to another room.
The biggest threath that makes this zombie so dangerous is that everybody
it bites turns also into a zombie.
Because the victim that gets biten gets infected by the virus.......

I want you to find the zombie and destroy it before it reaches the big city 
of Hamburg that is lying 5 miles from this base.
Kill everyone that had contact with this creature, o' yeah there is one 
important thing about this creature, it can only be killed by shooting it
right between it's eyes or blow it's head completly off !
He can't be far away because he must be at least be 50 pounds heavier after 
he got shot at by numurous of soldiers.

Remember,
Nobody knows what has really happend here and we like to keep it that way.
We already let the secret service and special branch clean up every bit of
information about what happend on this base.
 
Good luck to you captain ( the captain brings his hand to his head, turns
around and leaves ).

*******************

After some time i decide to go to the shoppingcentre to look around a bit.
I see a lot people walking around lauching and talking, who would ever
know what was about to happen !

*******************
---
The first units of the special forces are already moving in the direction
where the creature was heading for.
---

6 jeep units and 2 helicopters are searching the area sir, says one of the
soldiers on the radio to the captain.
Good, inform the press that this is all part of a big militairy exercise and
we pay for all damage that is caused by the men and their vehicles and....
But before the captain can continue with his sentence he hears gunfire in the
far distance.

He orders his driver to step on it and to drive him in the direction where
the shots are coming from.
Over the radio he hears that one of his jeep units discoverd something that
seemed to be a dead body lying beside the road.
But when his soldiers wanted to examine the body it got up and started to
walk towards them.

After a fast drive they arrive on the scene of the shooting and they see the
dead body of a woman with her head blown off.
One of the members of the jeep unit runs towards the jeep of the general and
reports that all men are okay and that nobody got hurt.
Sir, it seems like this woman is a victim of our big friend the zombie, i'm
afraid that this one is only one of the many we shall find on our way.

After the soldier said that, the radio reports a new accident 2 miles further
on the road, a jeep unit has spotted several zombies and they call for backup.
Sir, sir sent us backup immediatly , aaaarrrhhhhgggg............

A loud scream was the last sound that the soldier gave over the radio and 
after that there was only silence.
The captian begins to lose his nerves a bit and mumbels to his self, we 
never learned about this on the academy.

*****************

The next morning i was waked as always by my neighbour but this time he
was not bounching like an apeman through his house.
No, he was hamering and sawing at 8 'o clock in the morning !!
This was it, this was the final straw, i jump out of my bed and in my cloths.
Some seconds later i'm knocking on his door and ringing the bell, yo man open
up, we have to talk !
Behind the windows of the frontdoor i see plank's and pieces of board.

The hamering stops, after a couple of seconds i hear my neighbour shout: who
is there, i know who you are but you never catch me !!
I shout back; open up man, who the hell is hamering at 8 'o clock in the
morning are you out of your head !
The only answer i get is: you will never get me, never !!

I get back to my appartment and dial the number of the police, this sucker
won't get away with this.
But the line is busy and even after trying it for the '70't time i still get
no connection with the policestation.
Outside on the street are people shouting and screaming, so i walk towards the
window to see what is going on.
When i look through my window i look at the streetand i get a feeling that 
something is totally wrong.
I see lots of people running through eachother and cars are trying to get
through the screaming mass.

Then the doorbell rings, when i open the door i see my nextdoor neighbour
a very sexy goodlooking female.
She has this panic in her eyes, i let her in and ask what is going on, tell
me what the hell is going on out there !?
Turn on the radio she says, i turn the radio on and hear the voice of a
journalist (with a bit of panic in his voice) talking about zombies !

The journalist reports,
They are everywhere, big parts of Germany are already victim of these awfull
creatures.
All people are advised to stay inside, there aren't any reports yet of zombies
in the Netherlands but they are coming in our direction fast !!
This plague is going faster then a chainletter and it won't be long before
the first zombies reach our beloved country.
At this moment all dutch reserves/soldiers have to report immediatly at the
nearest army base. 
The dutch government has already asked for help from the U.S.A. and president
Clinton has promised to sent 10.000 troops to Europe.

It takes some time before i begin realise what is going on....
My female neighbour is now sitting very close to me.
Tears are rolling over her cheeks and i lay my hand on her shoulder to 
comfort her a bit, Shhh everything will be allright, i will see to that.
Through her teares she laughs a bit, she seems to feel save with me.

I'm not waiting to get cought by some dumb zombie, so i grab the telephone
to call some (ex-army) friends.
The telephone lines are constantly blocked by people who are calling their 
friends/relatives or anyone close.
After some times of trying i can reach one of my first friends, he says i
have treid to call you several times but i never got contact.
Yeah, lets keep this conversation short before the lines get overloaded and
don't work anymore, i reply.
Okay he says, we've got to do something man ( the phoneline begins to make
strange noises ), yes i agree, come to my place as fast as you can !
I'm on my.............( the line is completly dead ).

Rinngg the doorbell rings, i walk to the door and open it, i see two other
friends standing in front of me.
I let them in and i introduce them to my neighbour, this is ehh, ms....
Katy Berkhout, she answers.
Katy these are Frank and Peter, they are old friends of mine from the army.
Pleased to meet you both, she says but don't you have to go to your bases ?
(Frank:) well to be honest with you i have no fate in our so called militairy
leaders, i rather fight this one out on my own or with the help of my best
friends.
(Peter:)I agree with Frank on this one, this is something different then
fighting some commies.
Listen, the German army couldn't control this mess, do you expect that the
Dutch army does any better !?
I want just one thing, and that is to survive this whole disaster.

Well, we have to wait a while for Nick to arrive, i say and i propose to
make some coffee first.
(Frank:)Ok, ( and he continues ), me and Peter decided to head your way, 
after we heard the news on the radio.
---
 
(After some talking and drinking coffee, the doorbells rings again).
This time it's Nick, i ask him what took him so long to get here.
He answers, there where several cars blocking the road of people that
left them in great hurry.
It's chaos man, complete chaos, those people are easy targets for those
zombies !
Okay i say, time to make a plan, Nick get the map of Drachten, it's in the
top drawer of the cabinet.
(some minutes later everybody is gathered around the table).

Okay listen up i say, this is what i had in mind.
We can't fight all of this creatures, so we have just one option and that is
only to survive this whole thing.
Do you all remember that old horror movie about people that locked them selves
up in a supermarket ?
( They all nod yes ), Well we are going to do just the same as in the movie.
Imagine, there's enough food and it is quite easy to defend and it has 
survilance camera's.
If you let down to the panels for the windows and doors, you have a real
fortress !
(Nick:) Great, all we need are some weapons.......
Yep, i reply, But how about some power-generators, camera's, gaseline, medical
stuff and other stuff too !?
Nick reply's, the power supply will certainly fold after some time and
those extra camera's are really usefull to check things outside of the 
building.

Okay lets get this show on the road, Nick and i will go to the nearest 
militairy supply dump and try to get some weapons.
Frank and Katy will steal some camera's and medical stuff from the shops.
(I hand Frank my old airpistol) I hope this will help you.
Peter see if you can recruit some more men and try to get some generators
and gaseline.
We all meet at the A.H. supermarket, lets hope that it isn't raided or
something.
If it's locked then don't worry, i know where the manager lives and we can
get the keys from him.

Say what time is it, i ask Frank, he reply's it's 1 o' clock in the afternoon
now, but lets hope that the manager never opened his supermarket after hearing
the news this morning.
Yeah, i hope so too.........

*******************

Meanwhile on the NAVO base in Germany a sergeant reports to the general,
Sir, we managed to keep the zombies outside of the base but we can keep this
up forever.
(outside their is the sound of gunfire and explosions).
Yes, i know, the good doctor is working on a antidote for this virus, but
this will take a while, so keep defending the base as long as you can !

*******************

Nick and i are now on our way to the nearest supply depot of the army.....
On our way are a lot of obstacle's like cars and bikes but their are no 
people at all on the streets.
When we reach the highway we encounter the first army trucks, they are heading
for the city to protect the people.
The heavy trucks make their way trough all the cars by pushing them aside.
But before the soldiers are close enough to see us, Nick has stopped the car 
and says, duck !
Our car looks like an abandon vehicle now, and the truck drivers at the other
side of the highway didn't notice a thing.
The trucks disappear out of side and we continue our way.
(Me:)Lucky for us they didn't see us otherwise we probably got catched for
not responding to the summon on the radio.

The rest of our journey is without futher incidents and we finally arrive at 
militairy suppyl dump.
After parking the car at a "safe" place, we hide outside in the bushes near 
the militairy depot.
It is very busy at the supply depot, lots of trucks are coming and going and
there are many soldiers walking around.
(Nick:)We never get in there, man!
(Me:)There is only one way, we have to get our hands on one of those trucks.
(Nick:)He' man thats risky stuff but it's the only change we have.
(Me:)First we have to get some uniforms.

After a hour of waiting a soldier is coming towards the bushes, it looks like
he wants to take a leak.
Nick grabs a branch and i take a hand full of mud.......
When the innocent soldier is close to the bushes, i throw some mud in his eyes
and before he can scream the branch lands in his neck.
After some fitting, i was chosen to wear the uniform, we where in luck because
the poor bastard we had knocked out had the rank of sergeant.
The gun that the sergeant had on him could come in handy.

There are two trucks standing infront of the gate to go in and there is one 
standing near a tree a few yards from the main-gate.
Several trucks, jeeps and armoured vehicles are passing by on the road, they
are heading for the German border.

I wanted to look as normal as i could, so i start whistling and walk with
big steps towards the big army truck that is standing by the tree.
There is just one soldier in the truck and he is waiting for the driver,
probably the man that got out to take a leak.

I open the door and take the driverseat, i say to the soldier, your sergeant
asked me to take over because he's not feeling very well at the moment.
Before the soldier can say anything.........
Say why does the sergeant drive this truck(the soldier murmels he wanted it
to this hisself), get over here, you drive !
The soldier takes over the driverseat, okay i say, lets get this thing over
with, we have more to do today.

----
Security on a dutch base is always leaking like hell, so without even showing
a pass we entered the terrain of the depot.
We are heading for the barrak where other soldiers are loading foods 'n
other related thing in the trucks.
----

No, i say, our orders have changed we need munition and weapons quickly
because our guys are running short of them near the German border !
My driver turns the truck and we drive to the weapons and ammo barrak.
When we stop in front of the barrak, i jump out of the truck and walk towards
a sergeant that seems to be in charge of the weapons depot.
Yo man, i forgot to bring my supply papers with me, i hope you don't mind.
He answers, yes i do mind man, i can't give you stuff without the proper
documents !
I reply, when i noticed that i forgot the papers we had just no time to go
back and pick them up.
This is an emergency, there are a lot of lives at stake, they need those
weapons and ammo.
( After at least 5 minutes of thinking, the sergeant decides to give me what
i want ).
He says, i hope that this is no mistake, but i just can't take the chance of
you beeing right, okay what do you need,

I start to order,
4 machs, 15 uzi's, a couple of boxes with hand/smoke/fire granates, 10 boxes 
with ammo for those machs and 20 boxes for those uzi's.
I also need some mines, 6 nightvision units, 6 bulletproof vests and 8 hand-
guns and last but not least 2 flamethrowers.

END OF PART 1 OF THE ATTACK OF THE MUTANT ZOMBIES, YOU CAN FIND PART 2 ALSO
                        IN THIS SUB-DIRECTORY !

