WHERE ARE YOU !?

~CROSS.FIL~ 

       A hastily and badly written all-channels broadcast 

              (Chris H. of Maggie squeaking!) 

Copy-note  to  whom it concerns,  please feel free to put this  in 
your own diskmag as it concerns all of us..

                  W H E R E  A R E  Y O U ? ?

A  general sort of rambling appeal to all people still  active  on 
the  Atari  scene,  how to stop the decline and fall,  or at least 
decline  gently whilst being cushioned by a legion of friends  and 
supporters.. 

For  a  while now,  it has occurred to me that the scene has  gone 
downhill,  a lot of people have moved away, especially Atari Corp, 
magazines have closed,  shops lost interest etc (Yes,  yes, GET ON 
WITH IT- Ed)..  This is going over old ground as it is apparent to 
me  that  there  ARE still a lot of  people,  the  dedicated,  the 
talented,  the  give  a toss diehard fans,  the just plain  can't-
afford-a-PC people who are STILL out there on their STs,  with the 
the smallish numbers that have moved to the Falcon too.. There are 
still  games  and  other  software  produced  for  us,  which  the 
remaining mainstream do manage to cover,  and there is a scattered 
scene of sorts still active over most of Europe..

I say 'scattered' as the different parts hardly get in touch  with 
each  other  to tell of what they are doing,  who in the UK  knows 
what happens in Sweden, or Poland, or even much of what goes on in 
France or Germany..  Likewise,  they probably don't hear much from 
us.. This fragmentation contributes greatly to exaggerated reports 
of an early demise of Atari computers and needs to be combatted at 
once!

To  this end,  we (Maggie) are establishing a union of sorts  with 
two other famous diskmags, the Diskbusters Association and ST News 
magazines in an attempt to get free flowing communications  across 
the  different  and  divided  parts  of  the  Atari  scene.  Other 
publications  are  welcome to contribute,  and join in the fun  as 
well..

(To  put this last paragraph into perspective,  it was DBA's  idea 
for the union!)

Full  details  of the joint venture will be found in  Maggie,  DBA 
magazine,  or  ST  News  in their forthcoming  spring/summer  1995 
issues..

Any other suggestions to combat this communications lag across the 
scene may be sent to the olde Maggie correspondence address

  CIH/Maggie
   84 North Street
    Rushden
     Northants NN10 9BU (UK)

   (Sort of looks like a sneaky plug for us, does it not!?)     

Also,  the other two dutch fellas will be pleased to hear from you 
as well

  DBA Mag
   Postbus 506
    NL-9200 AM  Drachten               ~PENPAPER.BLK~
     The Netherlands

Or even

  Richard Karsmakers/ST News
   Postbus 67
    NL-3500 AB  Utrecht
      The Netherlands

Ahh,  the  spirit of evenhandedness and co-operation,  doncha love 
it!!

All for now, KEEP IN TOUCH, D'ya hear!!

    - CIH - 1st March 1995..
~PURP_RED.PAL~


