SOAP SERIES.

                    SOAP SERIES

They are every day on T.V.: soap-series. For instance: Santa
Barbara, The Bold and the Beautiful, Dallas, As the world turns,
Neighbours. They have all got one thing in commen: I hate them 
all. If I could, I would flush them all down the toilet right now.

I have started an action: No soap on my T.V.!! If you want to 
join it, then write a letter or postcard, and send it to the old 
people in your neighbourhood. They are lonely and probably like
getting mail. 

Something else:
A friend of mine is really really sick: she watches 
goede tijden slechte tijden. (Good times Bad times ( ooohmegosh 
what a title!)). Another friend who has watched too for a long 
time thinks it is bullshit too ( Good for her! )

Why I hate soaps reason one:

For instance: When a girl/woman in a soap get's pregnant, you can
tell immediatly she will get a miscarridge. (Thank God for that.)

Sometimes it is because another woman is jealous. The woman get's
agressive (Ooooh!) and pushes the pregnant girl from the stairs.
(How rude!!!!!)

Reason two:

A main-character gets sick. When you think: "She is dead!"
(Yes! Yes! Yes!) she gets a new medicine and is healthy again 
after a couple of days (Fuck de deurkruk. (Fuck the doorknob))

Reason three:
A girl meets a nice guy, they go out a couple of times and 
ofcourse sleep with each other. (Dirty pigs) And when she
talks about getting married, he confesses he is still married,
and having a pregnant wife, 12 children, 30 dogs, 200 cats 
5 cars, 2 landhouses, 4 magazines, undsoweiter.

The girl gets jealous, and ofcourse pregnant. ( If only they had
used a condom. But then they are actors, and so not so smart.) 
Then she asks an huge amount of money (Probably for her pimp.)
which he doesn't have, so he borroughs it from his rich and 
pregnant wife. (impossible combination don't you think)
When his wife finds out about him and the girl,
she gets really pissed of, and leaves him.
This ends up ofcourse in a fight between the two women.
The ex-wife pushes the girl from the stairs (again?!).
The man tries to catch the girl, and breakes his neck. 
(Actors can't catch as good as they can get girls pregnant !)
(Think about that for a while!!)

The kids go to two different orphanages, and loose contact with
both of the parents. (Father is dead, Mother is drunk.)
They also loose contact with each other, they meet each other 
again after ten years, and there goes another 2000 parts for the
soap-serie!


ETC. ETC. ETC. ETC. ETC. ETC. ETC. ETC. ETC. ETC.


Or in other words, every soap-serie looks like every other 
soap-serie.

Don't poison your T.V. with Soap coz soap strikes back you know.
(I don't.)


YOU ARE WARNED. 

Hoping to get your understanding the Anti Soap Team:


Idea and Storie: Miss. A.S. (NOT ASE!!!)
Comment and Typing: O.T.M.

