ABOUT THE DBA
 ~DROPS.FIL~
  ~BRIEF1.BLK~ 

                               ABOUT THE D.B.A.
            INTRODUCTION
 
The D.B.A. is a group of enthusiastic Atari users from the Netherlands. 
Many of it's members are Atari supporters from the very beginning, from the 
time that the good old 8 bits computers (600/800(XL) ruled. We followed 
Atari through their ups 'n downs, always 'fighting' against our/their  
Commodore rivals. Many die-hard Atari users have defended their compagny against
PC-users who claimed that Atari only made videogames and consoles.  Now, the 
PC-users have won the battle and have taken over the whole computermarket and 
Atari is back in the consolebusiness. Commodore is bankrupt till some lame 
compagny pops up to help them on their feet again. 


The Atari scene has shrunk to only a handful of freaks who still support their 
compagny, even if their compagny let them down. In the many years that we 
are freaks we never have seen some support from Atari (not even in the Warner 
days). I believe that this is one of the reasons that the computer scene 
was born, out of discontent. The PC had no scene a couple of years ago 
because there was enough support and soft/hardware for it. People just could 
enter any computershop and find there what they needed. The main reason for the 
rising of the PC scene is probably the fact that many Commodore and Atari freaks
 
have bought a  PC and continue their work on these machines. Without the 
scene, Atari would have been dead and buried a long time ago. The only thing 
that can keep the Atari(Falcon)scene alive, is to produce software for it. 
Without fuel a Ferrari would be a piece a scrap metal on wheels ! 


BRIEF HISTORY

How it all started,

The Diskbusters Association was formed about 6 years ago by two guys who 
only where interested in swapping software. We've always admired those 
demo-crews with their fancy names and their great demo's. We wanted to establish
a name to on the scene (you know getting greeted by all the other crews). There 
was a small problem however, we couldn't code (at least nothing spectacular)so 
real fame would be probably out of the question. Anyway another guy joined our 
ranks but he only could code some STOS stuff.


Then one day, we saw a small intro from one of our contacts. We we're 
impressed even if it wasn't anything really mind-boggling. This guy was the 
break we've been waiting for, a real coder !  He came by about a week later and 
he agreed upon doing some coding for us. A few months later the 'Batman demo 
Classic' hit the scene which was nothing more than a scrolline and a looped 
sample(including level indicators). The next project was the first (multi 
screens) demo which got released half a year later or so. He didn't do it all 
alone though, a friend of his helped out every now and then. Bonus Software 
and his friend K.G.E. pulled of a second (multiscreens) demo which contained 
more spectacular effects than the first one and can still be considered as one 
of the better pure G.F.A. megademo's for the S.T.  


THE D.B.A. CONCEPT FOR A DISKMAGAZINE,

In previous D.B.A. magazines could be read about this event so lets keep 
it short. It all started when a contact of mine from Sweden decided to visit 
our beloved country. He was the former editor of INC Magazine and he had 
joined the ranks of D.B.A. after they died. It was the summer holiday and we all
where together. The idea of a magazine was born in this period. However we 
wanted to make it kinda special. It had to be different than the rest, it had to
have a custom shell instead of the standard GEM pulldown menus. Bonus came up 
with a good idea and he could hardly wait to start with it.


A few months later we launched our first magazine with success and a 
second one followed rabidly. Spectacular changes in the shell took place as both
coders gained more and more knowledge. We really pulled it of with magazine 6 
which contained all new features and had a stunning intro by Synergy. This all 
happened on the Atari ST(E) ...


Now we're back on the Falcon with a shell that is Falcon worthy, making 
use of most of the machines features. But remember, this is only the preview 
version and not even the complete one ! 


EXPLANATION,

The D.B.A. produce diskmagazines and other P.D. software for fun and to 
keep especially the Dutch Atari scene rolling. Beside the members of the D.B.A. 
we also have formed a new magazine-team that consist of some members of other 
groups. With this new impulse we hope to continue our work and give the 
magazine a new shot of live.  
   ~DBA_BIG.BLK~
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
This is the current member status of the D.B.A. and the magazine-team, 
 
 
THE DISKBUSTERS ASSOCIATION, 
 
Slimer         : Main-editor, swapping and some graphics. 
Bonus Software : GFA coder, graphics and co-editor. 
K.G.E.         : ASM/GFA coder and some articles. 
O.T.M.         : ASM/GFA coder and some articles. 
Sonic          : Music. 
 
MAGAZINE-TEAM, 
 
Havoc/Giants      : Articles. 
DC Crap & Heavy G : Articles/Graphics.


New members for the magazine-team are of course welcome to join. Articles, 
news, graphics and modules are also welcome, so send in your stuff and keep the 
D.B.A. magazine on its feet. ~PENPAPER.BLK~
  
            
                           
See you in our mailbox, 

Slimer
  ~BRIEF2.BLK~
~GREEN.PAL~



