EDITORIAL 
~ATARI.FIL~ 
   ~DBA_BIG.BLK~          
           




           
           
           
           
           
           
           
                              'Conquer one problem and          
                               keep with that a hundred 
-------------------------      at a distance'
A VULGAR DISPLAY OF TEXT
-------------------------      Confucius


Soft buzzing of a ventilator overshadowed by the sound of clicking keys. 
There he sits, lonely, under the light of a small bulb, working on another 
article. He stops, and gazes at the screen, why don't his thoughts match 
his writing ? Would his readers ever know, will they ever understand? It's 
said, by those that think they know: they never will make it back to the 
top... What if they are right ?

His finger finds the resetbutton, the Falcon drops silent for 1 second and 
than starts it's reboot routine. Swiftly the mousepointer clears a path 
through the folders only to land at an icon. His finger pushes the mouse-
button twice... He can't help cracking a smile on his lips as the colorful 
scene unfolds before his eyes. He knows for sure, yes we will make it 
again .... 

--

Welcome to the new D.B.A. diskmagazine, combining human interest with 
multimedia. Now flying high on the wings of the Falcon.....

Before we continue with the editorial article we want to pronounce 
something important first....

This issue of the D.B.A. magazine has not a fully functional shell. 
You must see it as a preview version ! We decided not to finish the 
shell if we don't get enough articles to fill issue 12 with. The 
response of the Falcon scene has been almost nil and we simply cannot 
continue with D.B.A. magazine without articles. If we don't receive 
enough response we will have no other choice than seize all magazine 
activities. This hard decision was taken by the main coder and the 
editor of this magazine, we are not motivated anymore to do the next 
issue entirely on our own, these are not falls threats, this is 
bloody SERIOUS !!! 
       =======

After these harsh words it is time to give this editorial a more 
positive direction. Finally you can see for yourself what rumours 
already foretold for a long time. A smooth and colorful textdisplayer 
making (almost) full use of the Falcon capabilities. Most of the old 
features are still present but many new ones are added. We offer 
besides 16 color pictures between the textlines also background 
graphics !! Scrolling through the text is done with hardware 
scrolling (page and line scrolling are both available). Further we 
added a top and an end document button as extra feature. Beside the 
new graphical improvements we also provide extensive musical features 
only found in sophisticated module players. You will have full control 
over several modules from within the textdisplayer, you never have to 
leave the document anymore to switch mods or stop them. This new 
displayer also provides full keyboard support, the key-layout can be 
found under the new help-function. Again D.B.A. takes the lead in 
custom magazine shells.
 
At the contents part of things, there are also some changes but they 
are not as spectacular as the shell. I'm not completely satisfied with
the overall quality of the articles. Many of them are written many 
months ago and were outdated. Some of them were deleted as others
got completely rewritten. I can only hope that you will enjoy the new 
D.B.A. magazine, do drops up a line will ya' !

We established good contacts with 'ST NEWS' and 'Maggie' which I 
personally see as a giant leap forward. I think there is a need to 
pull together a bit as the Falcon scene is small and the ST(E) scene 
is fading away fast ! Competition has to replaced for a much better 
goal, friendship and collectivity. However a little bit of 
competition keeps the brain sharp......... 
 
Okay enough of the philosophic cackle, lets see what we've got in 
store for you this time,  

* We have a report on the visit to ST guru Richard Karsmakers of ST 
  NEWS.  

* We also have a very important article about the Highspeed 40 MHz 
  and the involvement of the Atari Computerclub Nederland in selling 
  this device.  

* The usual demo reviews and Falcon games ....  

* If you are interested in tapedecks and technical details your in 
 the right place as I review the 'Denon DRM-710' !  

* A new column is created containing gossip and it carries the 
  appropriate name "Gossip" (original huh) !  

* Some of the usual nonsense are still present ....  

* Compact CD reviews and a special on the American Heavy Rock & 
  Roll band 'Boston'.
  
* A peek behind the curtains of the Hungarian Atari scene !

* ST compatibility list for the Falcon.

* Some video reviews.    

* A couple of interviews with some important people on the 
  scene !

As you will probably notice, we spend considerable amount of time and 
effort on this particular issue. The purpose is to make you equally 
enthusiast about the D.B.A. magazine as we are. We need Y O U to help 
us out with the next issue ! Send your articles to our P.O. Box, the 
full address can be found in the new 'Colophon' column also present 
in this submenu.... Enjoy reading D.B.A. magazine and maybe till next 
time,  

Slimer (Editor) 

~RED.PAL~
