ARTICLES/PICTURES
~ARKA.FIL~
--------------------------------------------------------
SENDING ARTICLES, PICTURES AND MODULES (RULES EXPLAINED)
--------------------------------------------------------
Remember,

Memories are distorted thoughts about forgotten moments...

Here it is after hours of hard work, the new textdisplayer. 16
color pictures underneath or beside the text and full hardware
scrolling. The pre main-menu is now 2 colors while the whole lot
is accompanied by a module working at 25 kHz. ! Finally the
Falcon is almost used to its full potential (although we don't
use the DSP yet). Anyway new features bring most of the time
also other new changes and this is no exception ! If you are
planning to send us articles and pictures than there are a few
things you must take in consideration,
                                 ~PEN.BLK~

   PICTURES IN THE TEXT DISPLAYER

-- We don't use medium pictures anymore, you can now send us  
   16 color pics instead. These pictures may be as big as     
   half a screen. There also is the possibility to create 8   
   color background pictures for underneath the text. If you  
   send a picture and an article to place it in, please 
   indicate where exactly you want it implanted... Please
   send the pictures in the Degas PI1 format ! 
           ~PEN.BLK~

   PICTURES

-- This diskmagazine also supports 'normal' fullsize pictures 
   using 256 colors max. We prefer GIF or DELmpaint pictures  
   but we are also able to convert other (standard) formats. 
   People who are interested in designing the main-menu for   
   the magazine are free to do so, but do contact us first !
           ~PEN.BLK~

   ARTICLES                                          
   
-- Articles can be as long as 400 lines. The amount of 
   characters on one line may be up to 80 columns ! Articles  
   who exceed the 400 lines limit will be cut in equal sized 
   parts depending on the total length.
          ~PEN.BLK~
                                      
   MODULES                                     

-- The displayer supports normal 4 voice modules. You are free 
   to send us your home-made mods for use in the magazine.     
   Please keep in mind that we prefer small(er) mods, so no    
   800 Kb. soundtracks or something like that. It's possible   
   that future releases also contain 8 voice (or more) replay  
   routines, with or without use of the DSP ! We are working
   on implanting a DSP routine as soon as possible which will  
   increase the sampling rate from 25 to 50 Khz. and makes the 
   loading of articles faster. 
           ~PEN.BLK~                                        

   SOFTWARE

-- Like most magazines we also offer free software to our readers.
   If you would like to donate your program to us, we would gladly
   spread it around the globe. We are looking for games, utilities
   or small applications. So send in your stuff to us and we will
   send you the next magazine in return. People who like to code
   an intro for the next magazine can contact us. We would really
   appreciate it, so don't hesitate !
  

   OVERALL REMARKS ON TEXT
                                                             ~PENPAPER.BLK~
   Avoid the use of 'strange' characters because the build in 
   fonts don't support them, we also use certain characters   
   for other purposes than text. Save your texts in ASCII     
   format and use .TXT as an extension, this will save the    
   editor a lot of time. We would be very grateful when you   
   take these rules in consideration if you planning to send  
   us something ! Have fun reading D.B.A. diskmagazine and we 
   look forward of seeing you in our P.O. box ! 
   ~GREY.PAL~
   