STAR TREK LIST
~DUST.FIL~
Episode List
Star Trek:  Deep Space Nine

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Emissary
46379.1
Benjamin Sisko, bitter towards Picard since the Borg incident at Wolf 359, is
assigned to administrate the abandoned Deep Space 9 station near the Bajora and
Cardassian border.  He becomes trapped in a nearby worm hole believed to have
been constructed.

Past Prologue
46400.0 *
A suspected Bajaron terrorist (Jeffrey Nordling) seeks asylum on the station
when Klingon Duras's sisters suddenly appear.  Major Kira is divided between
her homeland priorities and her new commitment to Starfleet to employ order and
peace in the region.

A Man Alone
46421.5
Amidst prejudiced mobs, Security Chief Odo is implicated in a murder while
Keiko (Rosalind Chao) and Miles settle their differences.  Sisko relieves the
shapeshifter of duty despite his efforts to remain unbiased.  Keiko opens a
school for children.

Babel
46423.7
O'Brien proves he's a handyman as every system begins to fail on the station.
When he falls ill along with more and more people, the doctor and Kira race to
find a cure for the life-threatening virus that causes aphasia.  Odo recruits
Quark.

Captive Pursuit
46430.0 *
An alien emerges from the wormhole and despite damage to his ship, he resists
offers of assistance.  O'Brien befriends him, helps repair his ship, and learns
more about him.  He discovers his new acquaintance is being hunted for sport.

Q-Less
46531.2
Vash is back in Federation space having dumped Q.  Despite his efforts she
chooses not to return to him;  instead, Vash pursues a business venture with
Quark.  Sisko blames Q for the intermittent systems failures and problems
around the station.

Passenger, The
46680.0 *
When an alien (James Harper) dies en route to Deep Space Nine, his plans to
steal a rare substance from the station are not thwarted -- he transfers his
consciousness into another being's mind, in particular, Dr. Bashir's.  Ty
Kajada:  Caitlin Brown.

Move Along Home
46690.0 *
Sisko, Dax, Bashir, and Kira meet a delegation from the Gamma quadrant.  Being
their first contact with the Wadi, Sisko wants to put the best foot forward;
however, the visitors are more interested in Quark's games and gambling.

Nagus, The
46695.0 *
The Grand Nagus Zek selects Quark to start Ferengi business ventures in the
Gamma Quadrant before he dies of old age.  Jealous murder attempts are made on
bartender's life.  O'Brien teaches while Kieko is on Earth;  Jake helps Nog
study.

Vortex
46700.0 *
When twin Miradorns negotiate with Quark the sale of a expensive object, one is
killed.  As Odo investigates the incident, the Rakhari criminal refers to him
as a changeling, talks of others like Odo, and shows him his shapeshifting
amulet.

Battle Lines
46705.0 *
Sisko, Kira, and Bashir are trapped on a penal colony moon of eternal war when
they crash land.  Opaka, accompanying them on the trip through the wormhole, is
killed in the crash.  Bashir discovers however that people here cannot die.

Storyteller, The
46729.1
O'Brien suddenly becomes a Bajoran village's unwilling guru.  He must win the
confidence of the people before a creature destroys the community.  On the
station when Nog and Jake can untie their tongues they advise a young leader on
negotiation tactics.

Progress
46844.3
An old Bajoran farmer (Brian Keith) refuses to leave a moon scheduled to be
mined.  Kira questions her heritage when she tries to force him to evacuate.
Meanwhile, on DS9, Nog and Jake learn the art of the deal exploring a business
opportunity.

If Wishes Were Horses
46853.2
The crew and habitants are amazed (and sometimes embarrassed) when dreams and
fantasies become real, but the occurrences seem linked to a galactic
disturbance that threatens the station.  Odo allows himself to fantasize about
locking up Quark.

Dax
46910.1
When Jadzia Dax (Terry Farrell) is arrested and accused of murder and treason,
Sisko tries to prevent her extradition and enlists Kira, Odo, and Dr. Bashir to
help in her defense.  Tandro:  Gregory Itzin.  She is suspiciously silent.

Dramatis Personae
46922.3
Dissent spreads on DS9 when a Klingon ship mysteriously explodes after exiting
the wormhole, leaving Odo the only one unaffected.  Dax becomes absent-minded,
Sisko builds a clock, while Kira recruits Bajorans and plans a mutiny.
Klingon:  Tom Towles.

Forsaken, The
46925.1
Downloaded data from a mysterious probe causes DS9's computer to crave
O'Brien's attention.  Meanwhile, Sisko has Bashir host three barking
ambassadors as Odo finds himself the object of Lwaxana Troi's affections.

Duet
46930.0 *
Kira believes a Cardassian (Harris Yulin) seeking medical treatment may be a
war criminal guilty of atrocities at a labour camp.  He denies being at the
camp but later admits he was a filing clerk there.  Odo and Kira discover this
too is a lie.

In The Hands of the Prophets
46950.0 *
A Bajoran leader (Louise Fletcher) creates problems on DS9 with her religious
views, polarizing the crew and jeopardizing the alliance between Bajor and the
Federation.  Meanwhile, Miles and Odo investigate the disappearance of a
Federation crew member.

End of list.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Colophon

This text file contains an episode list for Star Trek: Deep Space
Nine, presented in stardate order.  It is in an unenhanced 
ASCII format to facilitate importing into other word processors.

I'd like to thank Mark Holtz and Harold Stein for news and
proper spellings and Darren Sager for proof-reading.

The descriptions are almost straight copies of television guide
listings as found in the Globe & Mail's Broadcast Week,
Toronto Star's Starweek, and Telemedia's TV GUIDE.  I am
not claiming copyright.

An asterisk (*) denotes a fictitious or estimated stardate.  Either
the narration did not include a date, it is unknown, or the
source is outside the show.  An invented date positions the
episode in Gene Roddenberry's future history time-line.

Electronic or hard copies of the formatted guide are available.  
Specify the copy type, media size, and send $2.00 to cover
shipping.  It is uploaded to Canada Remote Systems Online, 
CompuServe, and various U.S. BBSs.  Suggestions, comments, 
corrections, or requests are welcome.  Send or telephone 
queries to:

Blake Nancarrow                  ~PENPAPER.BLK~
628 Beresford Avenue
Toronto, Ontario, Canada, Earth
Sol/Jup III  sector 0,0,1
M6S 3C3
~BLEU.PAL~


