REAL-TIME 3
~ESHER.FIL~

 01:33

Yes, now I can type something again. Just won a race with 
"Super Sprint" using the keys! After that I managed to 
become 2nd twice and after that disaster came on me again. 
So now I can type something again here... Shall I go and 
play again? Naaah, just let them play. Slimer has been 
defeated and now he tells Richard that he will make a virus 
for the Falcon that can't be found by his virus killer. If 
you ask me, "Fat chance!" Now they are discovering a small 
bug in the program again, I think they are all getting very 
tired of this game but since there aren't too many games on 
the Falcon that work we will have to do with this one. It's 
a very addictive game, easy to play, rather nice graphix 
and playability at the highest level. The whole game should 
be rewritten for the Falcon with much more colors and 
better sound so if anybody out there has a few hours to 
spare I would say give it your best shot...Heeeey, this 
real-time article is getting longer then expected if you ask 
me, but then again nobody does... Well I will get back to 
the battle field... :0)

 Bonus Software

p   . . . . . ..  . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . ... . . . . 
s.. . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . .. . .  ..  .  . . . 
s.  . . . .  . . .. .  . .  . .  . .  .  . .  .   .  .  . 
 . . . . .  .  .  . . .   .  . . .  .  .  .  . .  .  .  . 
  .  .  .  .  .   .   .    .   .   .   .    .    .    . 
   .    .


An ASCII rainfront (would be very nice with this very hot 
weather)(a bit f@cked up after editing though, Slimer(ED))

 01:46

"Metallica" ended and I died. Bonus is back fumbling at a 
joystick again (I believe it is his own, for when I played 
with it just then I felt a certain stiffness mine doesn't 
have (oo-er!)). I have put the Whistler Courbois Whistler 
debut in the CD player upon Bonus' request not to throw 
something as heavy as the previous CD. It seems blatantly 
obvious to me that Bonus has a very poor music taste 
indeed. So far, the only CD played with his wholehearted 
approval was ZZ Top. Speaking of Bonus, I think his ASCII 
rainfront fuckin' sucks (People who know me know what it 
takes for me to use the word "fuckin'")! 

"Super Sprint" is very addictive indeed. As a matter of 
fact it is addictive beyond my desire to stay awake. I 
think I might have to exercise my veto here and tell 
everyone to hack off and hit their respective sacks! WCW 
rule (at least for the moment)!

 Richard

 02:03

I would like to refute claims of Mr. Slimer proclaiming me 
to be filled with half a bottle of Plantiac. First, the 
bottle was plenty empty when I started drinking and, 
second, my previous own claims of having drunk about 1/5th 
of a litre are infinitely more accurate. I think veto time 
has come upon us. I will check them out, see when they're 
all dead, then tell them I want to go to bed, doggamit!

 Richard

A veto hits the people present, after which sleep does so, 
too. Much later than expected - what with no curtains drawn 
and all bedroom doors and windows wide open - sleep loses 
them, and the veto is revoked.

 10:38

The traditional Sunday waking-up soundtrack, Sodom's "Agent 
Orange", is currently playing at a gentle volume level. I 
am not sure whether the DBA chaps are in favour of it, but 
to me it's an essential part of The Finishing Experience, 
as vital as, say, "Digital Insanity's ST news Utilities 
Rewritten Blatantly". It's a shame that Stefan isn't here 
to enjoy all of this first-hand. He is currently in London 
where his sister has celebrated her birthday yesterday 
evening, I seem to recall. Sounds are arising from the 
small room where the two Northerners have been cryogenized 
for the night. It's a miracle they, like Miranda and me, 
slept this long actually. The curtains were all open and 
the sun was glaring in viciously. I hope they like this 
kind of music. I am here sitting behind the keyboard,  by 
the way, unwashed, unshaven, and almost offensively all 
nude except for...er...a semi-designer's (HEMA) loincloth 
covering some of the less sightly bits of me.


The temperature is still sortof OK here. I think I'll have 
a go at rearranging the two fans so that they get a better 
source of somewhat cooler air instead of just recycling the 
hot dampness inside the house that barely contains oxygen 
and that hold rather too much oppressive sweaty scents I 
imagine. Anyway, good morning to the world. I have woken up 
and I'm ready to spend the whole day swimming (minus a 
small bit that will have to be spent finishing ST NEWS, of 
course). Sodom roolz too!

 Richard

 11:04

Showered and refreshed, I sit here waiting for the rest of 
the house to get showered and refreshed, too, after which I 
assume we'll try to stuff something akin breakfast in our 
various cavities. Sortof.

 Richard

 11:09 

Actually I have nothing to some metal in the morning (the 
stuff I heard is quite OK). Almost every morning when I go 
to my work, I put on my headphones and nuke my ears with 
some heavy stuff, ranging from Metallica to stuff like 
Soundgarden...Sodom is now playing and they sound quite 
good (no kiddin'). I must go out and widen my vision on 
music some more ..... Well, it seems that Alexander has 
also survived the shower. It was bloody warm last night but 
we managed to sleep through it.

 Sietse 

 11:23

I have a head like an airport, everything seems to be 
buzzing around. No wonder if you if someone turns on the 
music at 10:00 with some metal music playing. I always wake 
up in complete silence and after a half hour or so I just 
might turn up some music...But further from that I have 
survived the night. I already woke up at around 7:00, boy 
what a time, but I just turned around and had another round 
of sleep. Will get to you later again...

 BoNuS

 11:29

He really does look like an airport, I only hope that no 
Boeing 747 comes crashing down on him! Bobo (that's what 
Sietse affectionately calls Bonus, ED.) is now looking at 
Richard's monitor with a stupid expression on his face, as 
the guy frantically types(!) away on his keyboard.

Ritchie suggests that he (i.e. Bonus) must drink more 
alcoholic liquids; this seems to help against the buzzing 
in his head! I think that Bonus doesn't agree on this, as 
he is a non-alcohol addict! However, he does has some weird 
hobbies, like "tentje bouwen" at night. Pretty strange 
dude, but he seems to be OK. Time for some breakfast...

 Sietse

 12:12

Vangelis' "Blade Runner" (not the bootleg) is adding 
atmosphere to this day as I have my Falcon momentarily run 
"DiSTurb" for the final time. I spent part of the day so 
far checking all articles and there was one mistake in it 
somewhere. I corrected it, and now all articles are 
finished. There are now a total of 85 articles, almost 1.6 
Mb in size. Just a sec...have to change the articles into 
one huge chunk file (by pressing "F2" on the Falcon)...
Done.

 Richard

 12:23

ST NEWS is truly finished.

 Richard

 12:34

Actually, it wasn't. I had formatted the disk with an extra 
track that was suddenly rendered unnecessary because there 
were 18 Kb left on the disk. Also, I had used a special 
only-16-directory-entries format by means of "FastCopy 
Pro". Now I just did an 11 SPT 80 track double-sided disk 
and put the stuff on there. There's even space for both a 
NEWDESK.INF and DESKTOP.INF file. Bonus is checking out 
some dinosaur-related books in my bookcase, and Sietse is 
playing "Super Sprint" (now why doesn't that surprise me?).

ST NEWS is now actually, truly finished. And there are 4096 
bytes free, which I think is very reasonable. Incidentally, 
it is getting warmer again.

 Richard

 12:47

Demis Roussos is polluting the airwaves with islam 
orientated chanting (one of the "Blade Runner" songs has 
this atmosphere, ED.)! Richard tells me he heard somewhere 
that Utrecht is a holy Islam city because the necessary 7 
mosques are here. Are we happy? NO! Richard wants to study 
Arab instead of English because it seems to be the language 
of the future! Though luck for us, that is!  Pantera is now 
playing, after my serious request, and I'm coming out of my 
'sleep mode'! This is much better than the previous CD! I 
bet that Richard didn't knew that I dig this stuff (this 
not exactly Hip Hop, now is it?). Well you can't have it 
all.

 Sietse 

 13:34

I have printed out 23 copies of a standard letter that will 
have to be sent to the 23 people that will need to receive 
ST NEWS by mail. I am currently in the process of copying 
the disks onto the least crap disks, as usual, and later in 
the afternoon I might get around to sending them off as 
well.

Things are looking bleak with regard to the availability of 
coolness in this house for the remainder of the day (and 
most likely for the remainder of the next few days too). I 
am looking forward to hurling my body into grotesque 
amounts of chlorated age too oh, allowing that temporary 
coolness to caress my battered anatomy. And, of course, I 
will use the slide a lot! See if we can scare off a few 
little kids perhaps!

 Richard

 13:50

Your anatomy?! Let's talk about my anatomy...
On the other hand, let's not!

 Sietse

 14:10

Still copying, still getting hotter, still more 
perspiration and less inspiration (to coin one of Slimer's 
phrases).

 Richard

 14:18 

Yo, I think it was the other way around! (Was it? ED.)

 Slimer

 14:38 

Bobo is now playing "Snake" (a secret DBA project) and 
seems to enjoy himself very much. Although it's quite hard 
to play with all the stuff on the screen.

 Sietse

 14:47

I don't recall having done anything in the recent bit of 
time, but somehow I kept occupied. Still copying ST NEWS 
issues, too.

 Richard

 14:49

I just stop playing our small "Snake" game, rather nice but 
a long way from finished. It uses 256 colours with sampled 
sound and some more options. But maybe you can see it when 
it is ready (whenever that will be I don't know). There are 
now plans to go swimming so I will have to stop typing this 
b.llsh!t. bze <--Shitty German keyboard z and y are wrong 
!i!

 bOnUs

 14:55 

We seem to go for a swim now !

 Sietse

The party, with the exception of Miranda who had felt not 
too brilliant because the continuous presence of people 
prevented her from crapping properly, goes off to the 
swimming pool. A much-needed and quite cool experience.

 16:38

We have just returned from the swimming pool, which was a 
really  cool  experience  (literally,  not  particularly 
metaphorically). "I feel like a bottle of bleach." (Sietse 
quote) I will have to go out again to get some munch stuff. 
Guess what? After pizza I think today it's French Fries. I 
think I'll find out who wants what and then get it.

 Richard
 
 16:43

Wow, back from the swimming pool, which was a nice 
experience because the last time I went swimming was a long 
time ago. But you never loose the ability to swim; it's 
just like riding a bike. I must do this again some day, 
hhmmm, maybe I can ask a certain girl I know? Richard is 
out to get some Fries and other junkfood. We can't wait for 
his return (?)...

Junkfood is the best!

 Sietse

 17:05 

We are now going to eat!

 Sietse

 17:41 

The food is now in us (burp)...

 Sietse
~PURPER.PAL~
END OF PART 3

