HOW TO BE TRENDY 
~BALLS.FIL~ 
 
                   HOW TO BE TRENDY 
            (AND SURVIVE THESE MODERN TIMES). 
                     by Slimer... 
 
Hip Hop, Metal, Nerd or not a Nerd that is the question.... 
Our modern western society seems to be parted in many
different life styles these days. You are 'cool' when you
watch MTV and buy Levis jeans and you are considered to be a
wimp when you don't. I think that it is about time to
introduce some new trends to replace the old (and boring)
ones. You will find a list of handy hints and tips that can
turn you into the most HOTest dude on the planet. Get ready
for the new trends in fashion, life-style, music/t.v. and
sex, be a trendsetter, be 'HOT', read D.B.A. magazine !! 
 
--- FASHION 
 
Who wants to buy jeans from Levis these days, as they are 
much to expensive and overhyped. Buy a cheap brand instead 
and show the world that you don't give a sh!t ! Be HOT and 
don't become a victim of commercials. 
 
Holes in your trousers are not cool, they give the 
impression that you can't afford to buy decent clothes.  
 
--- LIFE-STYLE 
 
Buy stuff that are not in the commercials on T.V., make a 
sport of avoiding them. Don't let those psycho annalists 
think that they can look inside your brain ! 
 
Don't be cool, NO be a 'HOT' dude. Do you know a girl that 
wants to sleep with a refrigerator !? Learning to master 
the washingmachine is considered to be HOT. Don't be the 
nerd that takes his dirty laundry to mommy ! Your a guy, 
you need to know how a washingmachine works !  
 
Cars are no longer a symbol of status, they are polluting 
the environment and are bad for your health and condition. 
Be a man and take your bike and don't let wind, rain or a
roaring thunderstorm stop you !  
 
The Personal Computer is out !! Join the elite and buy a 
Falcon or at least an Archimedes. Don't be one of those 
millions of PC sheep on this earth. Dare ! Eeerhm, this 
article was typed on a PC using WordPerfect.. 
 
Most youth these days are completely crazy about America. 
It's really unbelievable. Remember America is founded by
unwanted people that we Europeans send there. We brought
our criminals to this continent to get rid of them. Just
look at the high criminal rates. A lot of European crimi-
nals have been influencend by American movies. Be proud of
your own country !!  
 
 
--- MUSIC/T.V. 
 
'House' is severely f@cked up "music" and can be considered 
as trash! A HOT dude doesn't move on f@cked up music only 
on decent music ranging from Rock to Heavy Metal or other 
music styles created by decent composers and singers ! 
 
At the end of this paragraph you will find a black list of 
t.v. programs that are NOT HOT to watch. These programs 
must be avoided at any cost. The people behind these 
programs are only after your money and mind ! 
 
Beverly Hills 90210   
M.T.V. 
Catwalk
21 Jumpstreet
The Bold and the Beautiful, and the likes
Oprah Windfrey
The Wheel of Fortune and other stupid game-programs
   
--- SEX  
 
Fingerfucking will be replaced by toefucking using both of 
your toe's at once. These techniques are quite old but are 
worth to be introduced again.  
 
The normal missionary position is also back ! Who wants to 
get his arms and legs tangled in all kind of strange 
positions when you just want ordinary sex !? Forget those 
Chinese books or join their circus ! 
~MINT.PAL~
 