ST NEWS VISIT                                            
~ESHER.FIL~ 
                            'We don't know life; how do we 
                             know what dead is ?' 
 
                             Confucius 
 
 
     THE CREATION OF ST NEWS  by Slimer            
     ---------------------------------- 
   (or how to have fun in the swimmingpool) 
 
It's incredible hot at the moment of writing and my monitor 
seems to be suffering a lot. The blasted thing is juggling 
with my vision every now and then. If I must believe the 
manual it can operate till 40 degrees celcius max. Lets 
take a look at the thermometer, it  reads 31 degrees. If we 
add the heat that is produced by the device itself to it, 
we could get around 45 degrees. Time to open the window and 
get the fan even closer to the monitor. God, when will it 
get cooler..... There it goes again, damn ! 
 
Back after switching the monitor off/on, lets hope that the 
thing stays stable now. Take notes Highscreen ! 
 
Several months ago I found a disk in the mailbox containing 
questions for an interview. Ofcourse I was flattered to get 
interviewed by the big Richard K. of ST NEWS. We had 
already some contact by sending letters and mags back and 
forth. So he called and we talked a bit, he asked if I 
would like to witness the assembly of ST NEWS. Ofcourse I 
replied, would love too, and after we hung up I was 
danching through the room in total ecstasy ! Okay, okay 
that's a bit exaggerated. The deadline of ST NEWS was set 
on saturday 23 July 1994. There was a small problem however 
and that was transportation so I told Richard that would I 
bring our coder along. *Blast* the monitor is f@cked up 
again..... 
 
Richard needed a certain program routine, so maybe it 
wasn't such a bad idea, so he agreed. A few weeks later 23 
July came around and we left for Utrecht. I needed to get 
to Steenwijk first by taking the bus to Heerenveen and the 
train to Steenwijk. After I arrived at the station I got 
picked up by Bonus. We drove off in his car and after an 
one hour drive we finally approaced Utrecht. We needed to 
find a map of the city first. Lucky for us we found one 
after a while. It was very hot that day and the 
heatindicator on the dashboard almost reached a critical 
level. We managed to find the right address much quicker 
than we've expected. It turned out to be a flat and 
ofcourse Richard was living at the highest story. 
 
So I rang the doorbell and we entered the flat(the previous 
sentence is almost sounding logical). After climbing many 
stairs we managed to make it to the fourth floor where 
Richard his apartment was situated. The door was already 
open and we entered with a light fear not knowing what we 
would find behind it. There we saw this dude who introduced 
himself as Richard Karsmakers, followed by a girl who 
called herself Miranda. She must be his girlfriend as the 
name was mentioned many times in previous ST NEWS issue's. 
Anyway, after the introduction part it was time to unload 
the car and climb all those stairs again. Richard had 
already started the real-time article which probably can be 
found also in this magazine. The 'real-time' computer was a 
Mega ST 2 standing in the livingroom. At the table beside 
the Mega 2 was another table with a Falcon on it. This 
Falcon must have the smallest spacebar ever (as it was 
missing). An other thing that attracted my attention was 
the enormous amount of mostly Heavy Metal CDs hanging in 
boxes on the wall. Richard didn't struck me like a heavy 
metal fan at first glance. 
 
Anyway Bonus unpacked his Falcon and soon three computers 
where buzzing side by side. We talked and exchanged some 
softy stuff that afternoon. Meanwhile Richard was working 
on the last bits of ST NEWS 9.2 ! At the end of the 
afternoon he ordered some pizzas which we consumed with much 
relish. That evening we sat on the balcony and talked about 
all kind of subjects. We had a nice view on the city and we 
saw the famous Domm (somekind of churchtower). At the end 
of the evening we played 'Super Sprint' (an old racing game 
from the ST). Miranda managed to beat me and Bonus by using 
the keyboard(!) which was ofcourse very frustrating. 
 
That night me and Bonus only got a few hours of sleep 
because it was very hot. I had bought a thin sleepingbag 
before I left for Utrecht but it was no use. The next 
morning we were waked with loud Metal as Sodom was 
distorting the airwaves. We all took a quick shower that 
morning after a sweaty night. The morning was mostly filled 
with coping and typing. Richard managed to finish ST NEWS 
after breakfast and started making copies of it. He asked 
us if we would like to go swimming that afternoon. So after 
most of the coping and typing was done, we left for a swim 
in the subtropical swimmingparadise of Utrecht. It was 
great fun, especially the waterslide was great ! You also 
could sit and relax in a bubblebath or get carried away by 
a simulated current in the water. Simply great. After 
swimming we went back to the apartment. Richard left to 
get some fries and other unhealty stuff. It's a fact that 
junkfood is the best !! 
 
The end of our visit was nearing, so we wrapped up the 
final bits and pieces. Last things where exchanged and some 
last words typed. We packed our bags and equipment and 
loaded them in the car. Miranda was waving us good-bye from 
the balcony as we shaked Richard's hand. Saying good-bye is 
always hard (snif)..... 
 
In the car back home we concluded that we had a good time 
and that Richard was an okay guy. There are people who 
claim otherwise but they must be proven wrong ! The journey 
back was swift as we travelled with high speed towards 
Steenwijk. Bonus dropped me off at the station, the train 
was already visible in the distance. A couple of minutes 
later I was on my way back to Heerenveen. The trip only 
took about 12 minutes or so. In Heerenveen I could also 
enter the bus in record time everything seemed to go 
smoothly (a bit to smooth) ! When arrived in Drachten, I 
discovered that my bike had a flat tire. The first 
thought was that some arsehole had pierced it with a knife. 
You can imagine my angre as I walked home...... 
 
Back home I plundered the refrigerator and poured several 
litres of lemonade down my troath. Haaaahhh *BURP* (Sorry). 
Then it was time to check out the damage on the tire. Thank 
god, it was a very small hole that probably was made by a 
natural cause. The tire was fixed in no time. That evening 
I unpacked my stuff and checked out the stuff that I took 
back from my visit to Richard, followed by good night 
rest.......  
~RED.PAL~

 