ARTICLES/PICTURES
~SPECIAL1.FIL~
--------------------------------------------------------
SENDING ARTICLES, PICTURES AND MODULES (RULES EXPLAINED)
--------------------------------------------------------
Remember,

Memories are distorted thoughts about forgotten moments...

Here it is after hours of hard work, the new textdisplayer. 16 colour pictures 
underneath or beside the text and full hardware-scrolling. The main-menu is now 
using the 256 color mode while the whole lot is accompanied by a module working 
at 50 kHz. ! Finally the Falcon is almost used to its full potential. Anyway 
new features bring most of the time also other new changes and this is no 
exception ! If you are planning to send us articles and pictures than there are 
a few things you must take in consideration:       


   PICTURES IN THE TEXT DISPLAYER

-- We don't use medium pictures anymore, you can now send us 16 color pics 
   instead. These pictures may be as big as half a screen. There also is the 
   possibility to create 8 color background pictures for underneath the text. 
   If you send a picture and an article to place it in, please indicate where 
   exactly you want it implanted... Please send the pictures in the Degas PI1 
   format !    


   PICTURES

-- This diskmagazine also supports 'normal' fullsize pictures using 256 colours 
   max. We prefer GIF or DELmpaint formats but we are also able to convert other
   other (standard)formats. People who are interested in designing the main-menu
   for the magazine are free to do so, but do contact us first !   


   ARTICLES                                          

-- Articles can be as long as 400 lines. The amount of characters on one line 
   may be up to 80 columns ! Articles who exceed the 400 lines limit will be 
   cut in equal sized parts depending on the total length.

                                            
   MODULES 
                                   

-- The displayer supports now 4 > channels voice modules. You are free to send 
   us your home-made mods for use in the magazine. Please keep in mind that we 
   prefer small(er) mods, so no 800 Kb. soundtracks or something like that. 
   Currently we are using DTM modules and play them with a DSP routine. So, if 
   you could send us your mods in DTM format we would be even more pleased! 
                      


   SOFTWARE

-- If you would like to donate your program to us, we would gladly spread it 
   around the globe. We are looking for games, utilities or small applications. 
   So send in your stuff to us and we will send you the next magazine in return. 
   People who like to code an intro for the next magazine can contact us. We 
   would really appreciate it, so don't hesitate! 

    
   OVERALL REMARKS ON TEXT    

Avoid the use of 'strange' characters because the build in fonts don't support 
them, we also use certain characters for other purposes than text. Save your 
texts in ASCII format and use .TXT as an extension, this will save the editor a 
lot of time. We would be very grateful when you take these rules in 
consideration if you planning to send us something ! Have fun reading D.B.A. 
diskmagazine and we look forward of seeing you in our P.O. box or on the Net!
        

~PURPER.PAL~   
