EDITORIAL
~SPECIAL1.FIL~
Editorial
=========
~TOP.BLK~

       ~DBAMAG.BLK~
       
       
       
~TOP.BLK~

                                        'Evil doesn't live in things;
                                         it lives in people


Foreword

Yes, we managed to 'convert' Windows to your Falcon! You only need 16 MHz, 4 MB 
and a bit of harddrive space to run it. Thanks to optimized code you can get 
Pentium performances on your Falcon! 
Finally, the Falcon will be taken seriously! DBA makes it possible! 


Enough nonsense, time for the serious bit:

Right now the house is invaded by house-painters. They are standing on one of 
my balconies scraping zealously paint from the window-frame. In a couple of 
days they are going to repaint it. Now, this is a good thing except the fact 
that these house-painters began scrapping for eight a.m.. I was still lying 
comfortable in bed because I have vacation. Imagine, suddenly you hear a lot 
of noise and see the top of a ladder sticking out above the edge of the balcony.
More noise and two men appear, dressed in white suits. I jumped out of bed and 
dressed while shouting words not to be repeated here. 
Now I'm typing these words with the noise of talking and scrapping in the
background. The cat keeps an eye on things and follows every move the
house-painters make. He is not happy either and sometimes growls. Maybe the
combination of ladders and a black cat makes the balcony come down (wishful
thinking) Damn, I hate it if they come this early in the morning ...

Changing the topic,

The Internet is a curious thing. A couple of months ago I sent letters the 
old-fashion way, by post and had to wait for several days before I got a reply. 
On the Net however time seems unimportant. Messages travel with high speed 
through wires and can reach the most remote user within hours.
A remarkable side-effect is that doors are opened that otherwise remained 
closed. Somehow trying to arrange things through normal mail is more difficult 
then over the Net. More news/knowledge becomes available and people are more 
willing to help you.
Established contacts become suddenly more close as the boundaries of time have
almost disappeared. People don't seem that far away anymore as there is no
difference between someone living in your own or some foreign country.

The Net offers vast amounts of data (is not necessarily information)and the
temptation is big to incorporate that data in the diskmagazine. There are of 
course a few files in this magazine that come from the Net. However, the company
policy is avoiding this as much as possible.

There is a lot of hype about the Net. Every self-respecting company or
computer freak has to be connected.  Otherwise, you're not taken seriously.
It's like buying Windows 95 for the sake of being up to date with
developments. The Net is being displayed as the information highway were
everybody can get information by pressing a key. I don't deny that there is a
lot of useful information but there is also a lot of crap on the Net. Serious
discussion groups are often invaded by 'Morans' who like to insult people
just for fun. Pages with recepts for making bombs or porno-video's are
popping up all over the place. The most annoying thing is companies that
try to turn the Net into a commercial circus.

We don't fear competition from other diskmags but we do fear the power of
the Net. If all Atari freaks are connected will there still be room for
diskmagazine's? Time will tell ... 

Even more ...

Yes, there is even more! 

Time for a short summary of the highlights in this issue:

First, check out the intro!
Interviews with all members of Lazer!
A bit on UFOs!
The E-mail directory (updated)
The Atari Falcon scene encyclopedia V1.1
Scene news!
Several game and demo reviews!
A lot of nonsense!
Sinterklaas liedjes voor de Nederlanders onder ons!
A guide to modern dance music.
etc.

Well, that's enough for now. Enjoy the magazine and give us some response.
Look for addresses in the Colophon article ...

Slimer
~BROWN.PAL~
