IDIOTORIAL

~MEISJE.BLK~                    OoOoO
                                  o
                                  O
                                  O
                                  o   D I O T O R I A L . . . . 
                                OoOoO 



                               <--- PIC OF CHRIS(TINE) WITH MAKE-UP 

The  second  in a long running series of rambling attempts to get  on  the 
nerves of the DBA crew..  "I know a song that will get on your nerves, get 
on your nerves,  get on your nerves..  I know a song that will get on your 
nerves,  get  on  your  nerves..  I  know a song...."  -Repeat  chorus  ad 
nauseum,or until the person on the receiving end chokes to death..

Or..

"Here we go,  here we go, here we go again.. Here we go with a boring tune 
to drive you 'round the bend.." (LOOP or WRAP the song here..)  Try  these 
two  at parties with people who you don't wish to talk to,  but who insist 
on  telling you about their cat's hernia operation anyway..  Many  strange 
looks will follow..

But  seriously,  (finally!) Here is a temporary invasion of these pages of 
DBA by the somewhat insane but loveable Maggie Team..  Not 'wacky' in that 
terrible and forced 'Future Publishing in-house style number nine  hundred 
and  sixty' sort of a way though..  Our strangeness comes from the  heart, 
from  deep  within..  We mean that most sincerely folks,  right after some 
messages from our sponsor.. Damn!!

The  weirdness  has a definite gleeful edge to it these days,  as we  have 
just  managed  to release our fifth anniversary issue,  number  eighteen.. 
"Release" seems to be not quite the right word for it,  "Give birth", with 
all  the  resulting  gargantuan  straining and  screams  and  large  scale 
swallowing of anaesthetic gas, seems to be more of an appropriate term.. 

The words "Superhuman effort" and "Completely shagged out afterwards" also 
spring to mind as well..  Other words include "New Falcon shell", which no 
doubt,  DBA  will  be giving their own views of..  I await their appraisal 
with interest..

The  new  Maggie  certainly does not diminish DBA in any  way,  both  have 
different features,  strengths,  and weaknesses,  and both are top quality 
publications  having got the Magnetic Interlude Seal of Approval..  (Which 
I'm keeping locked up in my top drawer out of harms way!)

In  the  meantime,  a  few enlightening points of interest about  the  new 
Maggie, which you might not have known..

It  RUNS  from  a single high density floppy disk..  Although  it  can  be 
installed  onto  your  hard drive,  simply by dragging/copying  the  files 
across  into  an appropriately named folder,  it will happily work from  a 
humble  floppy as well..  Loading speed is still good for textfiles,  if a 
bit slow on some of the larger and more truecolour screenshots.. There are 
good reasons for doing it this way..

We  decided to go for something as optimised as possible..  We notice with 
some concern,  that most of the newer applications software, and even many 
games and demos,  are having to be installed onto a hard drive,  following 
the  trend  set by software made for the PC..  Whilst this is due to  ever 
increasing  program  size and complexity and cannot be helped,  this  even 
extends  to some diskmags now,  including the one you are reading at  this 
moment.. Maggie 18 on the Falcon strikes a blow for those people who still 
believe in tight and efficient programs on the Atari range of computers!

Maggie 18 is BROWSEWARE!! - After you have made the initial effort to read 
the thing from cover to cover, you can pop it in your disk drive, and have 
a  quick browse for half an hour or so,  as and when the fancy takes you.. 
Imagine having to install it on your hard drive,  every time you wanted to 
do  this..  (Although I do keep DBA mag on my hard drive right through  to 
when their next new issue appears (grin!))
 
Screenshots..  These  are obtained by a specially developed screen  ripper 
programmed by the Reservoir Gods.. This ripper will be kept as an internal 
release  only  for the time being,  and only used for the very narrow  and 
specific task of obtaining screenshots for reviews in Maggie.. Demo coders 
and graphics people fearing large scale theft of their hard work need  not 
worry!

Apart  from  the 'screenshot within an article' theme  retained  from  the 
Delta  Force  shell,  there is also a DBA-like 'Gallery' option for  those 
pictures that don't go with a specific article.. This has its own icon for 
the top row, and should be seen in future issues.. 
 
The  sound replay engine is based on the GRAUOMF Tracker source code,  and 
can  handle  up  to  32  channels  in  50khz  stereo,  including  standard 
Protracker  Mods,  Octalyser,  PC  Fast  tracker,  Multitracker .MTM Mods, 
Gravis .669 Mods,  and even Screamtracker III .S3M mods CORRECTLY!!  Also, 
can play SOME Digital Tracker mods as well..

The  Donkey  Kong  game is a clever piss-take of the  old  Liquid  Crystal 
display  'Game  and  Watch' concept which  probably  pre-dated  most  non-
mechanical  electronic  computers..  Anyone  getting a really  high  score 
playing it, let us know!

Hidden  article,  some answers that most people may not get straight  away 
without asking around a lot,  'SWITCH',  'INDYPAINT', and 'NIKKO', just up 
to you to find the questions now (grin!)  Methinks Leon (Mr Pink) who  set 
the questions assumed a little bit too much insider scene knowledge on the 
part of most people attempting the quest? But that is all the help you are 
getting for now!

That's enough about us for now,  time to hand back control of the airwaves 
to the Dutch fellas..

Over and definitely out..

 CiH..


