THE EDGE
~ESHER.FIL~
              ~SKULL.BLK~






                    W h y  w e  H a t e  t h e  'E d g e' ! ! 

                        (A Doubter's Guide to the 'Edge')

Some regular readers of 'Maggie' may well have come across references to a
particular magazine called the 'Edge' and wonder what I am on about.. Most of
these references are couched in derogatory terms, and for good reasons too,
as we will try to explain in a minute.. Most UK readers of 'Maggie' or 'DBA'
will instantly know what I am talking about, but for those readers further
afield, who do not have access to this fount of dubious wisdom, for your
further benefit, read on..

WHAT EXACTLY IS THIS 'EDGE' THING THEN?

It is a (very!) glossy magazine published by Future Publishing, the publis-
hers of other great works of reportage as 'ST-Format', 'Amiga-Format' et al..
The Edge differs from most because it is a multi-format title aimed very much
at the top end of the market, and seems to be written from an 'Industry'
perspective (by which we mean entertainment software industry..)

HOW DO YOU DISTINGUISH IT FROM OTHER COMPUTER MAGS?

Firstly there is no cover disk as it is multi-format.. Secondly it is put out
on sale in a sealed plastic bag, which makes it very difficult to browse the
contents before you buy it (Grrr!).. The paper used to print it on is of very
high quality.. The front cover is usually of some fancy rendered graphic for
a game that hasn't even been thought of yet.. The inside usually consists of
very high quality colour reproductions and photos of more of those games we
won't see outside of Japan for years to come, and writing and editorial
contents that are rather more dubious in approach.. 

SO WHAT IS THE PROBLEM THEN?

There are many aspects to this and no simple explanation, but we will start
with the number one annoyance, their shitty attitude to (most) things Atari..
'Edge' tended to slag off the Jaguar in the early  days, practically taking
the attitude that they deserved to go the same way as Commodore.. A lot of
this was valid criticism of Atari's half-assed early marketing attempts and
slow production of the console, but they did go too far in adopting a
sensationalist style of reportage, and suggesting that every glitch or
problem was exclusively down to Atari 'incompetence'..

A specific example where they did not let the facts get in the way of a good
story was in their reporting that a prototype Jaguar CD-ROM 'blew up' whilst
Sam Tramiel was demonstrating it.. It took a letter from Darryl Still of
Atari UK/Europe to point out that firstly, the big Tramiel was nowhere near
this alleged catastrophe which did not actually happen in the first place..
Such stories, if uncorrected could have severely damaged a still weak Atari.. 


IF THEY DON'T LIKE ATARI, DO THEY CHAMPION PARTICULAR MACHINES OR 
MANUFACTURERS?

This is another feature of the Edge which annoys most readers.. They are
notorious for 'Bandwagon Jumping' or lending momentary support to the
fashionable hardware format of the moment, but ditching it as hastily as a
used condom as soon as something newer comes on to the horizon.. Historically
they started out as '3DO Format', but when early software was not up to 
scratch for that machine, they quickly moved on to the Sega Saturn, or would
that be the Sony Playstation, or the Nintendo Ultra 64????

At the present time, they seem to be in the Pro-Sony camp, but now there is a
new Mac-based Console from Apple called the Pippin? It seems that this
bandwagon jumping will continue for a long time yet..
 
ARE THEY ANY LESS AWKWARD WITH SOFTWARE REVIEWS?

Again, the situation seems to be very confused here to say the least.. Edge
have not spared their views on software of all formats, so at least we are
now being told if a game on the Playstation is indifferent or a total waste
of money.. The Edge have been very mixed on Jaguar, giving a rave review for
'Tempest 2000' (9/10), but very unfairly attacking 'Aliens vs Predator' with
a review that was determined not to find any good points in the game and
seemed to reflect the personal prejudices of the reviewer in question.. The
most famous case of lack of consistency was in their appraisal of the
original version of 'Doom' which got a grudging 7/10 with a comment that will
surely haunt them to their dying days, that this was a game which had only
short term interest!

Contrast this with their later review of 'Doom II' (the cash-in job with no
real technical enhancements and a very poor multi-player network compared
with the first game) gave it a very enthusiastic 9/10!!

With software, they seem to be uneasily balanced between an obsessive love
for the gaudy and flashy surface presentation bits of a game, and sternly
extolling the virtues of 'traditional' gameplay.. Too often, they fall right
into the traps laid for them by the software companies respective PR depart-
ments, at least for the preview stage.. Disillusion follows with the 'real'
final review of a game

They really ought to beware of companies that use the old Psygnosis trick of
blinding the press with tech spec bullshit, you know, the sort of thing where
a game has 400 million polygons on screen, 256 million colours, 64 bit sound,
but all the gameplay of a damaged herring.. 

WHAT OF THE EDGE'S "BIG ON JAPAN" APPROACH?

With their support of Sega, Nintendo, Sony et al, the Edge do seem to have a
'Japocentric' approach to many news stories.. Trade shows and obscure
industry news from Japan is reported on, often concerning hardware/software
that won't find its way to European markets for years, that is, if it ever
does..

They have a strange attitude to how Japanese products will be priced in
European markets, quoting a direct retail point of sale price in Japan as
though that will be the same for other world markets.. With import duties,
VAT, distributor and retail profits, the Sony Playstation WON'T be on sale
for œ300 in the UK like the Edge suggests..

WHO ACTUALLY READS IT?

Hard to say really, it is very interesting to note that no circulation
figures have yet been seen.. The monthly ABC (Audit Bureau of Circulation)
figure is conspicious by its absence.. ST Format's ABC is around 39,000,
Amiga Format peaked at 150-250,000, what of the Edge? The only figure I
vaguely remember could be as low as 15,000! 

Surely if the Edge was doing well, the owners, Future Publishing could not
help but splash this fact all over the inside front cover and tell everybo-
dy!? It is hard to see what kind of 'target audience' they are looking for,
as the majority of people who have actually purchased hardware in the last
year or so will be alienated by their dismissive and cynical approach..
'Edge' have tried to be like the 'hip' parts of the music press with a
constant barrage of 'street cool' sneering and verbal shooting from the hip
for its own sake.. This  may well work in the music world,  but is  totally
inappropriate for an audience who have spent very large sums of money on
their hobby, and find that their choices for the next two or three years are
being ridiculed by gadfly critics who have no concept of 'loyalty' other than
to their own egotistical views..

As far as I can tell, the Edge is read mainly by other 'industry' people,
programmers, artists and executives of the vainer sort who like to see their
names in print.. These sort of people operate on a 'higher' level from which
stupid old anorak wearing members of the public are excluded.. Another more
down to earth definition for these sort of people would be to describe them
as 'Complete Tossers'..
  
WHERE IS IT GOING THEN?

The Edge is in a difficult position of having the accolades of their 'indus-
try' and journalistic peers, hence the award for best magazine from the
'Indin Industry Awards', and the probable low retail sales from the public
they are pissing off.. Future Publishing seems to give the impression of
being a businesslike outfit, ruthlessly so, from the point of view of
'ST-Review', and it is hard to see how a magazine with very low circulation
figures can be allowed to continue under this sort of regime..

What happens next?

The market for a magazine that sets itself up as judge, jury, and probation
officer for the computer entertainment industry is never too hot, as the
previous experience of 'ACE Magazine' showed.. Their decline and eventual
closure coincided with their adoption of a policy similar to the Edge in
pushing a vision of the future, set TOO FAR in the future to be of any
interest to their readers at the time..

(Alternatively, a claque of noisy and influential journalists, editors,
egomaniacs in print etc, may keep it going a little longer, it depends how
keen Future Publishing are on the whole project, if they blow cold, then it
is final curtain time for the Edge in any case..)

Hold your breath a little longer, and the Edge may be gone!! 


Here's Hoping productions, sponsored by CIH of Maggie fame '95!
~MINT.PAL~
