THE TRUTH
~TROEP.FIL~
-----------------------------                  'He who loves piece; minds his 
THE TRUTH BY SANDMAN OF FLASH                   own business'
-----------------------------

                                                             25.2.1995

        Well, Havoc told me not  to  write about this subject anymore,
but I just had to answer his  letter.  First  of all I must say that I
praised the Lord, because someone had read  my article. Even if he had
not received Jesus as his saviour  and  lord  it was a great moment to
see that my articles about faith and life have been noticed.
        Why shouldn't I write about Jesus? Because it bothers someone?

No! It's just natural that the gospel  of Christ begins to bother you.
The only thing I could be  sorry  about  is  that  I might have been a
little too aggressive. If you felt that  I wrote in an aggressive way,
I am sorry. It's just that important thing we're discussing here.

        If I know that something  is  true,  wouldn't  it be nice if I
shared the truth with others? Yes, at  least  I think so. And I happen
to know that Jesus a) is a real person  b) died for all our sins c) is
the only one who can save us from eternal punishment. If Holy Bible is
truly the word of God, it doesn't matter  if we believe it or not: the
truth doesn't change because someone  can't  except  it. Of course, if
Holy Bible is just a book filled with legends, it ain't the truth just
because some people believe it is  true.  But  the Holy Bible says the
truth about itself: For the word of  God is living and active. Sharper
than any double-edged sword, it  penetrates  even to dividing soul and
spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the
heart. Nothing in all creation is hidden from God's sight.

        You wrote something about  people's  moral  freedom... Are you
free? What exactly means the word  'freedom'? Real freedom is that you
may make the will of God in  your  life  come true. You also said that
one must have the ultimate control over  his own live. Let me tell you
my point of view: God has created us (evolution is a lie), so in a way
He owns us. But God also  gave  us  a possibility to make decisions in
our own lives. So we really have a possibility to choose whether we go
to hell or to Heaven. God,  even  if  He  is allmighty, won't make the
decision for you. But that also means that you have the responsibility
for every choice you make. That  means  that  if you abandon the great
salvation that God would like to give you in his son Jesus Christ, you
also pay for it. And the price  is  too  high: Nobody of us sinners is
able to pay the price. Without Jesus we are lost.

        It is funny. If I  were  giving  away  money worth millions of
dollars, everyone would be taking  them.  Now  I  tell you that God is
willing to forgive all your sins  and  give  you eternal life, but you
don't care! Don't you think this is a bit crazy???

        So the good news is this:  We  are  sinners but Jesus has died
for all our sins. If you believe  in  Jesus Christ as your saviour and
your lord you will be saved. That's so simple. And I must preach about
the cross of Jesus. If I  wouldn't  preach  on computer scene then who
would? And if nobody preaches who may  believe? If you think that this
kind of articles are too heavy, you  are not forced to read them. Just
click that mouse-button and there you go...

        To the jews who had believed him,  Jesus said, "If you hold to
my teaching, you are  really  my  disciples.  Then  you  will know the
truth, and the truth will set you free." (John 8:31,32)

        The blood of Jesus Christ will set you free! There is power in
the blood of Jesus Christ!  God  bless  you Havoc. Hopefully your eyes
will open to receive the salvation  in  Jesus Christ. If you want, you
may contact me personally. The address is at the end of this file. May
Jesus Christ be with all of you.

                Yours,
                        Juha Vihriala
                                alias Sandman / Flash
                                                 ~PENPAPER.BLK~

                Address:        Juha Vihriala
                                Eliaksentie 6
                                62800 VIMPELI
                                FINLAND

