EQUALIZER OF UNT.

    Interview with The Equilizer of the Untouchables
    ------------------------------------------------

Name : WOODY@ The Equilizier@ The Equilizer (UK)@ Old man@ Porky .. 

And in real life ? : ANDREW J WOOD

Group or the people who you do most work for : THE UNTOUCHABLES

Brief Description of yourself if you please .. : 6 FT 2(an a bit)@
always wearing a wonderstuff (or equivalent) tee shirt@ commonly
known as Mr Equilizer .. 

Age :  Very very old indeed .. infact I am so old I have started to 
alter my age !! .. I currently clain that I am 20 although I could be
much older !

Number of Teeth (if applicable) :  They have begun to fall out@ as has
my hair but that is simply another sign of my age .. 

Number visible when you smile ?? : The four I have left are all at the
front so I am quite lucky and people often think I have all my teeth!

Fav Night Out : I like to walk the deserted lanes near where I live with
the toilet roll cover on my head or failing that I ride the mule down to
the local tavern !

Fav Drink : Anything that doesnt fight back ..

Fav Drug : Anything that does fight back !

Fav Accident : When I got drunk and got arrested for driving a mule under
the influence .. The police horseman chased me for some miles before I
steared the mule into the river Dunsop ! ..  You see@ they dont allow
cars in Dusop because it spoils the rural atmosphere !

Fav person called 'MAT' : Well@ Mat of the Untouchables is such a great
person and he is just my living hero !! 

Fav compooter : I dont have a pooter worth speaking of because it keeps
breaking down !!  Although on odd occasions I have been known to have
an Atari STE in my house !

Fav game : A very dubious game which I invented called Winky Slapping !

Fav Memory Size : I really admire the full meg owners who have managed
to fit their memory extensions properly because that is probably the root
of all my problems with the STE!

Fav Animal : Sheep .. I love the things .. Even if at a later date I
deny it !

Taste In Music : Anything as long as it is played by me !

Fav Chant : 'Hello my name is AJ Wood. Will you be my friend ?' .. I 
walk the country side shouting this at night but people tend to run
away when they see me !

Do you have a tee shirt with that printed on it ?? : No but I still
wear one of those tee shirts with the arrow saying ' I am with this
pillock --> ' ..

What do you do best : I suppose I write music although I am getting
quick good at this walking and talking at the same time lark !

When you are not doing what you do best what do you do best ... : I
like to Equalise the score for the sad@ lonely and oppressed people
of the small row of houses known as Dunsop Bridge !

I really admire people with single sided internal drives because : Mat
has one !

The funniest thing I have ever done at a party was .. : To turn up !!

I just wanted to curl up and die when .. : I realised that there was
another Equalizer (who is also a musician) .. Well@ now I am the
Equilizer (UK!) .. The UK is important .. or the Equilizer of the
Untouchables .. 

Do you have greasy hair ?? : Quite definately !!

Are you aware of it ?? : I am happily unaware of it and I will even 
become quite angry if anyone mentions it !

How many letters of the alphabet can you say in one belch ?? : The 
last time I tried that trick I was talking strange for about 2 weeks !

What do you think of my questions ? : As I am keen to mention@ Mat
is my living hero and he can do no wrong in my eyes !

I heard a really funny swear word the other day .. : I consider any
kind of slander against my teddy bear to be swearing !! .. Also@ we
dont get many new swear words in dunsop bridge !! 

If I had absolutely tons of cash I would .. : Have the headlights on
Mats car drained of water .. I would also publisise Dunsop Bridge so
that everyone in the whole world would hear about it !!

Last time you were sick who cleaned it up (revealing huh !) ?? : I am
never sick no matter how MUCH I eat .. Har Har 	!

Most hated person(s) : Mat for ghost writing my article which I never
completed at the Split Infinity copy party .. 

I have to go now so any final words .. : At least I didnt type anything
about Jane ! .. 

Finally I would like to say a quick hello to : Ninja for writing to me
and putting THE EQUILIZER on the Envelope .. it really confused the
postal expert I can tell you ! .. 

