MAT OF UNT.

                Interview with Mat of the Untouchables
                --------------------------------------

   Considering I wrote these questions I think this may be pushing the
relms of fantasy a bit but who cares .. Its all good clean fun and nobody
has been hurt yet !

Name :  Matt Stardust Sullivan

In real life ? : Matt Sullivan

Group or the people who you do most work for : Take a wild guess ..

Brief Description of yourself if you please .. : 16 ft@ green hair and
a sense of humor so sharp you could shave with it ..

Age : 19

Number of Teeth (if applicable) : Errmm .. Most of them I think 

Number visible when you smile ?? : I wrote some stupid questions !!

Fav Night Out : Staying at home and watching a video with my fav girlie

Fav Drink : Jack Daniels

Fav Drug : I suppose it has to be LSD .. such fun .. (so I am told)

Fav Accident : The Equilizer (I think he may take offence at that!)

Fav person called 'MAT' : Ahhh .. a sensible question .. ME !

Fav compooter : My ST with the selotape and internal single sided drive!
because it has real character and keeps life from getting boring .. A 
truly great pooter ..

Fav game : Its got to be kick off 2 but I quite like Hill St Blues at the
moment ..

Fav Memory Size : I wonder how anyone can live in anything less than a 
meg !!

Fav Animal : I decline to answer this due to vicious rumors although my
dog is seriously cool !

Taste In Music : Anything played on my amazing sterio equipment with a
bass line that makes the walls shake and realistic lyrics ..

Fav Chant : I dont do much chanting because that implies being part of
a group .. I prefer a bit of solo roaring (just open your mouth and 
go AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGG!) .. great fun !

Do you have a tee shirt with that printed on it ?? : I most certainly
do .. The R's and the G's go onto the back and round onto the frount
again and then grow gradually smaller until they disappear .. Of course
I dont@ what kind of a stupid question is this .. I have taste !

What do you do best : Rebel !

When you are not doing what you do best what do you do best ... : I like
to eat choccy mint flavor Jacobs club biscuits (the 'Club Class' ones!)

I really admire people with single sided internal drives because : I
have one !

The funniest thing I have ever done at a party was .. : the percil advert
where the skinhead walks across the kitchen with the packet of percil
upside down and it is spilling out as he walks then he says 'AAWWW MUM!'
.. well@ thats the funniest that I will tell you about anyway !

I just wanted to curl up and die when .. : I curled up and died !

Do you have greasy hair ?? : Nope

Are you aware of it ?? : Nope 

How many letters of the alphabet can you say in one belch ?? : A@B@C@D
and E .. That is the average letters although I have reached H on the
odd occasion !

What do you think of my questions ? : I think they are the funniest and
most stylish questions it has ever been my privilage to answer !

I heard a really funny swear word the other day .. : did I ?? I dont
think I did you know .. 

If I had absolutely tons of cash I would .. : Make a porno version of 
Neighbours with the original cast !

Last time you were sick who cleaned it up (revealing huh !) ?? : I am
sick@ like@ ten or twenty times a day and so I have the sick patrol
which follows me round .. 

Most hated person(s) : Lazy people who just sit around and moan when 
they dont get the work done .. 

I have to go now so any final words .. : Yeh@ If anyone has loads of 
cash and would like me to make them a porno version of any soap opera
then I will require three quarters of a million pounds to start off with..

Finally I would like to say a quick hello to : All my friends who have
helped me to learn how to code .. you know who you all are and you know
you have my thanks !

                                 Seeya .. Mat of the Untouchables

