DISKMAG ROUNDUP P6
~TROEP.FIL~

Twilight Zone

 A quarterly all-format on-line fiction-only disk magazine spread as a straight 
ASCII file.  The idea originally started autumn 1992 because the ST NEWS  (Cf.) 
editorial  staff  wanted  its  fiction to be read all over  the  globe  by  all 
different computer users.  The editor was Richard Karsmakers.  The first  issue 
appeared in April 1993, the last in October 1993 (the third issue), after which 
the  name  changed  to "Twilight World" (Cf.) because  of  potential  trademark 
implications.
 Status: Public domain.
 User interface: None.
 Latest known issue: Volume 1 Issue 3 (October 1993).
 Address: Not relevant.
 Health: Dead, but sortof went on anyway.
 Language: English.

Unit Circle

 This  is an underground magazine,  spiritual child of Kevin Goldsmith.  It  is 
published  electronically  as  well  as  on  paper,  the  latter  strictly  for 
underground purposes.  It covers varying topics the likes of new music, radical 
politics  and  rage  in the 1990's.  The electronic  version  is  available  in 
Postscript only,  because it also contains art which is reckoned to be just  as 
important  as the text.  The aim of the magazine is to distribute the words  of 
people  who  would not normall be heard,  and art which would not  normally  be 
seen. It also has reviews.
 The Unit Circle organization itself started around 1986,  it began as a street 
theatre group,  became a band, and then a loose arts organization. The magazine 
started  early 1993 when Kevin needed something to send out the  mailing  list. 
The aim is to have one issue every three months,  the online version being just 
minor a few comics taken from alternative sources.
 Status: Public domain, on-line (a paper version exists too).
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Issue 3.
 Address:  The Unit Circle,  P.O.  Box 640 885, San Francisco, CA 94164, United 
  States of America, email kmg@colossal.com.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Unplastic News

 This is an online magazine,  a collection of quotes,  anecdotes and just about 
anything.  Its editor is Todd Tibbetts (a.k.a.  Thaloneus Platypus). Each issue 
tackles a specific issue reflected in names such as "The Freedom  Issue",  "The 
Ugly Issue",  "Psychic Net Godmother" and "The Democracy-Makes-Me-Sing-With-Joy 
Issue".  It  might strike you as incoherent (and it is!),  but  it's  generally 
humorous in a zany way,  sometimes shocking, sometimes plain hilarious, and has 
a strange touch of intellect about it.
 Status: Public domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Issue #12 (January 1994).
 Address: Email tt2@well.sf.ca.us.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Untouchables Disk Magazine, The

 See "Ledgers Magazine".

Voice, The

 Quite an OK Polish disk magazine,  colour only, made by the Team From The East 
(TFTE).  All texts are loaded upon booting,  so loading during reading is  non-
existent. All texts, unfortunately, are in Polish. The first issue was released 
in 1991, but wasn't particularly good - low res only, no music and bad articles 
(these are their own words!). Issue 2 was already better, using medium res, Mad 
Max music and a mouse-controlled user interface.  Issue 3 is claimed by them to 
be a "small step for a people,  a giant leap for a mankind" (?!) - both  medium 
and low resolution on screen simultaneously, no lower border, scroller, and TCB 
tracker music. They are at the moment working on Issue 4, which will be similar 
to  Issue  3 with some small improvements like the ability  to  have  digitized 
pictures in the text.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes. A custom one that is getting ever better.
 Latest known issue: Issue 3.
 Address: Ul. Reymonta 20c, 59-901 Zgorzelec, Poland.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: Polish.

Voice of Quast, The

 A disk magazine published by the biggest Polish user group,  "Quast Club" with 
over 100 members.  The first issue was released in 1991.  Topics vary from non-
computing  articles and education to reviews and party  reports.  No  hands-on-
experience.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes.
 Latest known issue: Issue 6.
 Address: Unknown.
 Health: Probably alive.
 Language: Probably Polish.

Voices

 Inspired by the name of a good Dream Theater song (?),  this ia a multi-format 
disk magazine for ST,  Amiga and PC.  The ST version uses the TOMS  shell.  Its 
editor  is Dave Cobbledick,  and it features a mixture  of  non-run-of-the-mill 
computer topics and Internet borrowings.
 Status: Public Domain.
 User interface: Yes (TOMS).
 Latest known issue: Issue 1.
 Address: Unknown.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Way Station

 A  disk  magazine that was yet in the stages of being born when  it  died.  It 
intended,  like "Quanta" (Cf.), to focus on fiction. Its editor was to be Bryan 
H. Joyce, quite a talented writer of fiction himself. Unfortunately he switched 
to the PC (where,  on the good side of things,  he's doing things together with 
the people that do "PC STUNN").

We Magazine

 The  description of this magazine,  which hasn't actually been  seen  yet,  is 
encompassed in one word.
 Poetry.
 Its editors are too many to be mentioned,  so they won't.  It's pretty hard to 
digest, as opposed to "Core" (Cf.).
 Status: Public Domain, online.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: Issue 17.
 Address:   We  Press,  P.O.  Box  1503,  Santa  Cruz,  CA  95061,  USA.  Email 
  cf2785@albnyvms.bitnet.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

Wired

 See "HotWired".

Z*Net PC Online Magazine

 An oldie here. This bi-weekly magazine started in 1986 and was still very much 
alive  until it became known that they had gone defunct early summer  1993.  It 
seems  they  started again early 1994 with the 1994 issue 1 being  released  on 
February 12th.  It primarily focuses on compiling messages and documents  found 
on  BBS systems,  and brings lots of international news.  This  includes  Atari 
product information,  reader's comments and hardware and software reviews.  Its 
editor is Ron Kovacs. Early 1992 it merged with "Atari Explorer On-Line" (Cf.), 
only to resume publication independently around New Year 1992/1993.
 Status: Public Domain, on-line.
 User interface: No.
 Latest known issue: 1994 (Volume 9) Issue 2 (March 5th 1994).
 Address: Syndicate Publishing, P.O. Box 59. Middlesex, New Jersey, U.S.A.
 Health: Alive.
 Language: English.

 In  case you're the editor of a disk magazine not mentioned here,  or in  case 
you're  the  editor of one that's mentioned here incorrectly  or  incompletely, 
please feel free to send information to ST NEWS,  Richard Karsmakers,  P.O. Box 
67, NL-3500 AB, Utrecht, The Netherlands (or perhaps you'd care to send info at 
email  address  r.c.karsmakers@stud.let.ruu.nl).  Your latest  issue  would  be 
highly  appreciated (you will then get the latest issue of ST NEWS returned  to 
you on disk if you supply a few IRCs).
 Again, this isn't yet the final disk magazine roundup. No, indeed!

