WHAT HANDHELD?

Here is what I think of each of the handheld console's that are 
available at the moment.  (Game Boy, Lynx, Game Gear, PC Engine GT)

Game Boy
Let's face facts, Nintendo is the largest console company in the 
world, what or who can face the might on Nintendo?  (They have sold 
an estimated 85.8 MILLION console sales worldwide, that includes 
Game Boy, Nes and SNES)

So the GB is only black and white (or four gray scales is you want 
to be awkward), and in terms of it's processing power it's the worst 
hand held, the problem (for everyone apart from Nintendo) is that 
the GB has a large range of games, most of which are very playable.  
This added to the size of Nintendo's marketing budget means that 
nothing else stands a chance.

From what I can see of the games available, most of them are 
licencies of one sort (mainly film), and I remember read some where 
the following piece of text...

     Get a Game Boy if to want to play liciences... Get a Game Gear 
     is you want to play Sega conversion... Get A Lynx if you want 
     to play arcade convesions...

That was a year or two ago now, and I think that the range of games 
being released now are getting a bit more wide spread, this must be 
a good thing for all handheld owners.

To be really honest, if I had the chance to get a second hand GB with 
a few games for a cheap price, the chances are that I would, mainly 
becouse it's small size the long battary life it would be easier to 
take to work/anywhere than my Lynx.

Lynx
Okay, so I own a Lynx, but I'll try and make this as objective as 
possible...

The Lynx is technically the best hand held (apart from the 
not-easily-available-out-of-Japan PC Engine GT.  See the bit later 
for more info.), unfortunatly it suffered from an extreme lack of 
software during the months after it's release.

Now this problem has just about disapeared with two/three games being 
released every month, and quite a few famous games lined up for 
release over the next six to eight months,(see the list I've writen 
in other issues for better information).

The Lynx is also quite big, well, very big.  It also has a short 
(about six hours, or less) battry life, so it's not really 
"portable", and it only just fits into the term "hand held", I 
suppose this is the price to pay for having the (second) best 
hardware.

Game Gear
The GG is the midle ground between the GB and the Lynx, it's better 
than the GB (being in colour), but not as good as the Lynx (not 
having the hardware chips).  I have played a few games on the GG, 
and while they didn't seem to bad, they all seemed a little, well, 
simplistic.

Sega have converted a lot of their arcade machines to the GG, but 
can you really expect a 8 bit hand held to reproduce a version of 
G-LOC.  There are also starting to be more third part releases on the 
GG, for instance US Gold have just released Kick Off, and it can only 
be a good thing that other companies are taking an interest 
in producing games for it (or any hand held for that matter).

PC  Engine GT
This machine really is the bollocks when it comes to hand helds, the 
GT is a portable version of the standard PC Engine console, and as 
such has the best hardware going, the range of software is also 
the largest, the GT runs all the standard PC Engine carts.

The price to pay for (complete) sonic and graphic superiority is an 
even shorter battery life than the Lynx.  Added to the price for a 
GT in England (it's only officially available in Japan, and maybe 
America), which is about œ250+ and you wont see many of them around.

If it came out in England for about œ150 it would be a better buy, 
but then again œ150 is the cost of a SNES, and I know which I'd 
preffer.

fIN. Paul H.
