32 BIT SNES CHIP?

     I have just seen an article  in  a SNES magazine about a new
     chip that Nintendo has had  developed  to use in new cart's.
     This has supposed to have been  developed by none other than
     Jez San, you know, the one who  wrote Starglider and founded
     the Argonourt development team.

     This new chip is supposed to be VERY fast, (it may have been
     RISC based, I can't remember),  in  this article someone was
     quoted as  saying  it  will  be  able  to  EASILY  reproduce
     graphics like those used in  the  arcade machine Star Blade.
     (If you havn't seen  it,  it  has  the fastest, most complex
     vectors I've  ever  seen,  try  and  imagine  something MORE
     complex than Epic, but running at 50 frames a second.)  They
     also said it was  capable  of  smooth  3d BITMAPPED vectors,
     with all this talk of vecors  I  can't remember if this chip
     is just for vectors,  or  if   it   can   be used for normal
     graphic shifting duities. The most  amazing  thing,  from my
     point of view, is that this  new  chip (don't forget it's 32
     bit), will only add about  8  pounds (sterling) to the price
     of a cart.

     With this new chip in cart's, you can expect to see games on
     the SNES that will be unequiled,  it  will beat the Neo Geo,
     Falcon, arcade machines,  everthing.   It  is  possable that
     cart's using this chip will be relased in Japan by christams
     (1992), also, the development of  the  SNES CD drive will be
     delayed indefinatly to re-design  it's  specification to use
     the new chip, and maybe for  the  inclusion of next CD drive
     "standard" by Sony/Philips/whoever.

     I can not be certian that this information is 100% true, but
     taking in  Nintendo's  previous  reputaion,  I  think  it is
     extremly likely, I  for  one  am  waiting  to  see what will
     really  happen.   (Imagine,  a   home   system  costing  300
     pounds, or less, that is as  good  as,  or  even better than
     an arcade machine costing 3000 pounds, wow...)

     Rumor's spread by

     Paul H.

     on 31-10-92

