LYNX: STEEL TALONS

So atlast, I have found the money to get a new Lynx game, there were 
a few other new titles out like Shadow Of The Beast and Basket Brawl, 
but I couldn't afford those aswell...

Well, this is (yet) another arcade conversion from the mighty Atari 
Games Corp. coin op, how origional.  Steel Talons is a vector based 
helicopter flight sim/shoot em up, with the emphasis on the shoot em 
up side.  (But what do you expect from an arcade conversion?  F-19?)

You are given a set of missions which you need to comlete to help win 
some "war", or something like that, (is a plot really neccassary for 
a shoot em up?) using your 'chopper (any VIZ readers out there) 
you fly around blasting things with you cannon/missiles/rockets over 
different landscapes and under various weather conditions, such as, 
dusk, nightime, fog and daylight.  As you progress through levels 
there are more "enemies" to shoot which include muliples of things 
like, tanks, gun placements, trucks, and aeroplanes.

That's the basic game, so what's the Lynx version like?

It's quite good really, better than average for a Lynx game.

The graphics are quite fast considering they've had to use real 
vectors (unlike STUN Runner, which uses sprites, and is crap to the 
extreme), I'd say they must be about equal with what the ST can 
produce.  I havn't seen Hard drivin' on the Lynx, so I can't say if 
the vectors are any better, but from what people have said about 
Hard drivin' I think Steel talons is quicker.  The still pictures 
are also upto the usuall standard on Lynx games, with the title 
pic being the most impressive. (like usuall)

The sound is the usual Lynx sort of thing, (ie, just better than ST 
chip music) this time being slightly military influenced though, the 
FX are better though.  There's a nice sounding ???? of the rotor 
blades turning, along with warning buzzez, cannon fire, missile 
launch's and explosions.

There is also the (by now standard) bit of sampled speach, this time 
your superior tell's you your objectives like "Don't waste time" 
(did I mention you need to complete each level in a set time, which 
you don't find out untill you've done the mission!) and "Don't let 
the aeroplanes take of".  There is (I think) a lot of speach and it 
seem that quality has had to be sacrificed to get it all in, but 
they are still of a passable standard.

I don't know what the attraction is, but flying around shooting the 
shit out of things is good fun (isn't it always?) the only slight 
drawback is the control system...

Which is the most complex I've seem on a Lynx game yet, it uses both 
fire buttons and option 1/2, and depending on which combitation you 
use the A/B and Option 1/2 you get different effects, to illistrate, 
here is the complete control system...

     Pad up         Increase speed
     Pad down       Decrease speed
     Pad right      Steer righ
     Pad left       Steer left

(Easy so far)

     A button       Fire cannon
     Option 1       Display map/target
     Option 2       Launch missile
     Option 1 & B   Change view to inside cockpit
     Option 2 & B   Launch rocket
     Pad up & B     Increase height
     Pad down & B   Decrease height
     Pad right & B  Rotate right
     Pad left & B   Rotate left

For about the first minute it seems confusing but after that the 
'chooper is fairly easy to conrtol.  (But it's impossable to change 
your speed and you height at the same time, oh well, even the Lynx 
hasn't got that many buttons.)

Steel Talons is definatly one of the best Lynx releases so far, get 
it or miss out on a great game...


     Title:         Steel Talons
     Price:         29.95
     Graphics:      8
     Sound:         7
     Playability:   8
     Value:         ? (I don't kow how many levels there are, I 
                      should think ten atleast, maybe upto fifteen)

While I was talking to the guy in the shop, he said that the next 
few Lynx releases will be...

     Baseball heroe's
     Soccer
     Pit fighter (Maybe I'll get this one if it looks any good)

Atlast, the end...

fIN.  Paul H.


