ABOUT D.B.A.


        ~BIG_LOGO.BL2~







                    ABOUT THE DISK BUSTERS ASSOCIATION,

The D.B.A. is a demo/magazine crew from the Netherlands.
We have made some little demo's like the Batman Demo Classic and the
Just Fun G.F.A. demo part A.
The biggest contribution to the Atari ST " scene " are the popular D.B.A.
magazine's, which we are going to produce as long as we can.

We can't make all these productions on our own and that's why we have
help from other ( wellknown ) groups and people from the ST scene.
Especially the magazine takes a great part of our ( spare ) time, we can
not fill the magazine totally on our own.
To fill the magazine we have a magazine team that work on every issue, this
team consist's out of people that support us with writing articles for us.

Now first a roundup of the D.B.A. members,

Slimer    ( Founder, Main Editor, Articles, Organizing, Graphics, PR 'n more )
Vigo      ( Co-Founder, Swapping and some Articles )
Ecto 1    ( Swapping, Party's and Articles )
Bonus     ( G.F.A. Coding, Graphics, Sub-Editor, Articles and more.....)
K.G.E.    ( A.S.M. and G.F.A. Coding, Idea's and Articles )
O.T.M.    ( Additional G.F.A. and A.S.M. Coding and Articles )
Ms. Angel ( Articles and Mascotte )
Sonic     ( Chip and Module Music and Articles )
Formaktiv ( Graphics, Swapping, P.R., party's and Articles ( U.K. ))

The rest of the magazine team ( no official D.B.A. members ),

Paul H of ST-Tribe                                ( Articles ).
Cyberpunk of Network                              ( Articles and Pictures  ). 
Sandman of Flash                                  ( Articles and Pictures  ).
Dave " H-Bomb " M.( TPT )                         ( Articles               ). 
Mug UK (tm)                                       ( Articles and Sources   ).
Tronic PDL                                        ( Articles               ).

There are also many other people/crews that have sent us their stuff.
I'll hope that some of you will join the D.B.A. magazine team and will
help us stay ( one of ) the best diskmagazine(s) on the Atari ST(e). 

People who would like to join our magazine team are welcome to do so.
We expect from any new team member that he/she will send us articles for
every issue of the magazine to come.
I'll hope you do this and will help us with our important work on the ST(e).
Through this magazine we try to keep the scene alive and kicking.

                     The D.B.A. Magazine Team.

