                            I'm taking a ride
                           With my best friend
                   I hope he never lets me down again
                      He knows where he's taking me
                      Taking me where I want to be
                            I'm taking a ride
                           With my best friend
                           
                            We're flying high
                  We're watching the world pass us by
                         Never want to come down
                  Never want to put my feed back down
                              On the ground
                              
                            I'm taking a ride
                           With my best friend
                   I hope he never lets me down again
                    Promises me I'm as safe as houses
           As long as I remember who's wearing the trousers
                  I hope he never let's me down again
                  
                            Never let me down
                     
                            We're flying high
                  We're watching the world pass us by
                         Never want to come down
                  Never want to put my feed back down
                              On the ground

                  See the stars, they're shining bright
                       Everything's alright tonight
                       
                                                        
                                       "Never Let Me Down Again" by Depeche Mode
                                                            written by M.L. Gore
                                     taken from the album "Music For The Masses"
                                                   released 1987 by Mute Records

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   DEPECHE MODE - 1o.1o.1998 - L.E. / GERMANY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It really happened! THE BAND of THE BANDS is back on tour!
The rumours about  this event were already spread with the release of their last
album, "ULTRA" and with a big shock  they announced a small tour (in  comparison
with their DEVOTIONAL tour 1993/94) in Autumn through Europe.

It was crazy, after just 14 days  all tickets were sold out and all went back in
some kind of Depeche  fewer! I had a bit luck too and so I got a ticket too from
a nice (girl)friend who had one left (eh?!). Thanx Eva!
Anyway I was really happy about this and with a  price of about 7o DM it was one
of my most expensive single tickets I ever bought and to be honest, I hopped for
a better event as THE SISTERS concert in January... it wasn't as  expensive, but
the Gods of the goth/wave era  from the middle  80ies had disturbed  me so much,
blech! And so I wasn't sure if the Gods of the Synth-Pop are now worth the money
who knows?

Hum... would it be the  same with DeMo?! I hopped not  because the  signs were a
bit (eh....)  different, meanwhile  THE SISTERS are  laying still  on their  old
laurels and nothing real released within  the last 10 years (or so) DEPECHE MODE
are still around and kicking  the butts of  all the socalled Synth-Pop-bands who
will  never  reach  them... To  say it right: They  wrote history  in the music-
business and now it was on time to check out if they're still worth the hype!

So we droved  with another girl (a real  devotee! Hurrrg... Dave, Dave ... =) to
L.E. and  arrived there  around 5 PM. And shock! Even if the  entrance  would be
opened around 6 PM and the concert would start around eight, the  streets around
the old fair center in the south of L.E. were already  flooded with thousands of
black dressed people, hundreds  of cars standing  around, using every free place
and  even meadow  for parking  and on some points even the traffic  was standing
still because all the people blocked the streets.

We fightet our way through the MASSES, searching for the entrance area. At first
we searched  on the  backside of the  big hall  but failed, even  if hundreds of
people standing there  and waited  for something (it seemed  to be the backstage
area...). On every corner standing people spreading flyers for after show events
just like The European Depeche Convention, right in the hall besides the concert
hall. Special guests  were the german  Synth-Pop hope  DE/VISION and  the metal-
electronics  of OOMPH! and we really thought about  joining this event after the
concert.

But at  first it was  the main thing to enter the hall and see the  Gods live on
stage. So we  went to the  front side and aaaaarg... the whole big stair and the
street before was  already filled with  people. Anyway, we joined  this bunch of
people and  thought about  the masses who  are around there (on their concert in
Erfurt, Germany too, were about 12.ooo people!).

After one hour of waiting the doors were opened and after a half hour we entered
the hall, ha! We're in and we will see them! GREAT! The hall was fucking big and
up to now it  was the biggest hall concert I ever met, maybe 1oo m long and 5o m
wide and so we runned to the  group of people already  standing in  front of the
stage to save the  best places and even if I'm not the smallest some of the guys
in front of me were to big to get a right look on the stage, shit!
We stood about 2o m before the stage and there was no way to get closer to it.
But hey... at least we don't stood on the end of the hall, hehe...

So we waited and waited and waited. Claudia (the devotee) was  going mad in this
time... and really on our nerves, but I was really anxious to see them too.
To force  them to  enter the  stage the  masses shoutet "Depeche Mode... Depeche
Mode... Martin... Martin..." and so on  about every 1o minutes and  even if just
a stage technician was  running around they cried like mad and some of them even
collapsed in this time.
We were talking about  the start and thought about the  support band, a horrible
british girlie band as Eva said (she was already on the DeMo concert in Erfurt).
Around  8 PM the lights  were dimmed  down and under  the "Go home" and "Depeche
Mode" shouting masses this support act entered the stage.

Maybe they said something  to the masses but the whole hall  was trying to force
them to leave the stage and so I not even know who  they are. They entered their
instruments and aaaarg! what the hell?! It's maybe the  first drum'n'bass/break-
beat/metal/crossover  girlie band  ever! It was a  strange melange  of technoing
beats  and drums, compared  with crude metal  guitar stuff and the  voice of the
singer reminds me to the one of REPUBLICA... They jumped around  like mad on the
stage but the whole crowd in the hall was just shouting and 'buuuing' them out.
And maybe it was too much for them, after just 4 or 5 songs they announced their
last track  at this evening and I think I heard their name... LOST PURITY if I'm
right... The people were going mad and after this last song and about 2o minutes
at all they left the stage without a word... hmmm...

It surely isn't easy as support act, esp. as support act for DEPECHE MODE... All
people were just  here to see their heroes and not some  unknown girl power from
Britain, esp. if they weren't announced on the tickets in any special way.
At second  another band, maybe  in the same  style as  DEPECHE MODE, would  have
matched  much better  to the whole thing  and such a  technoid band  had never a
chance to find the ears of the Depeche posse.
Maybe it's simple  minded, maybe not. Anyway all were happy  about the fact that
they left the stage because so the time for the main act was coming...

After  another long time  around 9 PM the lights dimmed down  again and with the
sounds  of  "Painkiller" (I think so...) the  last three Depechies  entered  the
stage, under  mad crying of  the whole crowd! It was just  a mess! In  the back-
ground two  big letters, saying DM were enlighted  with hundreds of  light bulbs
and as the first  sounds of "A Question Of Time" were coming out of the speakers
the whole hall started to sing along!

The song title seems to be set with a deeper sense, at least for me... after all
the strange things happened in the last years it was now just a question of time
for the comeback of this  band! Dave was acting  like a madman on  the stage and
every move of  his hips made the girls mad, crying and shouting  and want to see
more of this! Martin was  standing behind one of the  synthesizers, dressed in a
strange  looking  silver glossy  jacket and Andy "Fletch" Fletcher was  standing
without big actions behind his synthie too, still the shy guy, eh?!

Anyway, it was  a mess! They're still  here and it seems not as  they were older
(just think that those guys  are around the 4o...)... and last but  not least it
was maybe laying  on the masses  that the  band came back to a great life on the
stage... the  crowd hang  on Dave's  lipps, singing  along every  hit, just like
"Never Let Me Down Again", "Enjoy The Silence", "Walking In  My Shoes", "It's No
Good", "Only When I Lose Myself", "Personal Jesus", "Useless" and so on...

Esp. the girls were  going mad as Martin grapped his guitar, sat down on a chair
and sang  the song "Somebody" (you can't imagine what  was going on  in the hall
as the first sounds of this great lovesong came through the speakers... hundreds
of lighters enlighted the hall, supported by a glorious lightshow...).

Later  also hits like "Stripped" (maybe to show the loosers of  RAMMSTEIN who is
the better  band...) followed up and after  one and a  half hour  they wanted to
left the stage... the whole hall shouted "Depeche Mode..." and so they came back
to sing songs like "I Feel You" and... "I Just Can't Get Enough"...
That was the  last song and maybe  meaned as message to the world, saying "We're
still here and don't think about an end..."

To show  the crowd that  this was the  end the main lights were  switched on and
after about 2 hours one of the best concerts I saw so far was at his end!
DEPECHE MODE  showed the  world that they're still  here and still  the band who
brought us this style of music... and  they're the true masters, all  others are
just fake in comparison.
So we left the hall after Claudia  got a lot of fan articles like a DeMo cup for
just 25 DM (what  the hell) and posters. In  front of  the hall a  lot of polish
people were selling posters and T-shirts too, as well as CDs and so on.

We searched  for our car  because  after about 6 hours standing  and jumping our
feet were tormented till the end... and after another hour  driving through L.E.
which was still filled up with loads of people, blocking the streets, we entered
a MC Donalds to find it filled with Depeche fans too...

We talked a  bit about  the concert  and we liked  it all, except the  displaced
support band but with a tear in the buttonhole we also thought that this will be
the last DEPECHE MODE tour ever. We don't think that they will come around again
and I think it was  maybe also planned to show the people a last  time who's the
best band on earth before leaving the scene.
But it's surely a move the most people  will understand... After  the desastrous
Devotional tour  it seemed as they will never  come back (you  know, it's a very
old proverb in the business) and just for the fans they did  it again, this time
with a great success but remember to all the other bands, also of this genre...

Other great names of the eighties, just like CAMOUFLAGE or ALPHAVILLE are just a
shadow today... they don't got the right moment to stop. DeMo are still the most
impressive  band in this kind of music and maybe  they planned to  stop on their
second high they reached now...
But maybe I'm  wrong and  they will go on... who knows? If yes, I will  be there
again, if not I have at least the memories to this great event!

Let me say  just one thing: if you don't matched it to  go there... be sure, you
missed one of  the best tours  of one of the greatest bands of this and the last
decade! Shame on you =)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 .no retreat and no surrender.                         moondog . poets of decay
---------------------------------------------------------------------12-1o-1998-