--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  ÚTHE WORLD OF ATARI SHOW - ÛLAS VEGAS 1998
                   exclusive report by ÒMike of Stax / RDT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Alright, left is the way to Gate 10, American Airlines 356 to Frankfurt/Germany.
Still a half hour  untill the "Boarding" and the flight back to Germany - enough
time to rummage around for the Laptop and to write some lines again...

At  the moment  I'm on  the  Mc Carran Airport  in Las Vegas, outpowered  by the
sightseeing tours, the casinos, the heat (average we  had about  37 degrees) and
... of THE WORLD OF ATARI 1998!
In the middle of  the state Nevada, from  the 21. - 23. of August, an Atari fair
had taken place.
The RUNNING DESIGN TEAM was with two guys  there, Volker Konrad (aka Tarzan Boy)
and me, Michael Opel (aka Mike), in the land of the  unlimited possibilities, or
on a place of  this world where all  things are a little bit  bigger, but always
world class. Have fun!


PART ONE - LAS VEGAS

Before I will write down the things happened on the WORLD OF ATARI 1998, I will
give you  some information  about my week  in Las Vegas - for the  ones who are
interested in really impressive holidays.

As old german  speedster I  needed some time, untill I got  used to the car (and
always automatic!), the traffic  management ("argh, there are five lanes on each
side in  the city and  we have to  go hard left there..." and the "Amis" ("Could
you repeat the last sentence, please?").
The city and their surroundings are real madness and alone worth a trip!
Btw, the hotels (at least if they're not laying direct at the "strip" - the main
street of Las Vegas) are  very cheap, with  pool, big rooms and  two beds (means
up to four persons for the same price).
The petrol (or better gasoline?!) is  really cheap in  Truck country  with about
30 cents  per liter, and a  reasonable  board is  possible too  with burgers  or
buffet (all you can eat for just 5 $).
The most expensive thing is just the flight.

We had the luck with our machine to flying by the Grand Canyon, cool!
Las Vegas itself  seems to  be more  a big pleasure  park, at  least I  got this
impression. On EVERY (really!) corner you can find slot machines (for example on
the airport at the luggage claim, on the reception and of course in all hotels).
All is blinking  and you  can listen everywhere, except  on the  toilets, to the
bells of  the  slot machines, if someone  has won some  coins - the dollar coins
making a real hard rumble.
In the night the whole city is  great enlighted  and you can ask  yourself where
the hell they get the power in the middle of the desert. If you leave a building
you  get a heat shock  everytime, out there  about 40 degrees, and  inside fully
air conditioned (Airport, supermarket, Casino, shops of all kind...).

Besides the  city itself (means  besides hotels and Casinos) there  are a lot of
shows  to look at, some great  National parks (Grand Canyon, Zion) and a trip to
Los Angeles (about 4,5 hours) to Malibu beach are possible  too. Fundamental all
things are a bit bigger, especially the distances. You can already see your goal
but there are still 30 miles (about 50 km) to go. And if you're finally in the
desert, it goes only straight ahead, endless highways through no-man's-land.
But look by yourself... it's the best! Have fun!


PART TWO - PREPERATIONS

Timejump. Friday, 21. of August. On the afternoon the building up  of the stands
for the presentation and sells should start. Where? In the Holiday Inn Boardwalk
Hotel, in  the middle  of the strip of  Las Vegas. THE WORLD OF ATARI  has taken
place in the  eastern part of  the hotel, in the  second floor (of course in the
first one was the Casino...). Towards of the congress hall with the stands there
was another room, depending  to the show  too and it  should be used  for giving
lectures and making speeches.
In front of the congress hall later there was a stand too, with a receptionist.
Later, as we  arrived there, only the congress hall was opened. There was no one
we could speak with, or anyone who knows what's going on. So we entered the room
and saw about  10000 VCS 2600 games and a lot of boxes with the  imprint "ATARI"
and we started just to build up our stand, and so the others did it too...

We had taken one Falcon and two laptops to  the show. The power  supplies of the
laptops  agreed with  the 110 V, they're  standard in  the  United States (there
aren't only  the connections build in another way). But with our Falcon  we were
not sure if he likes the 110 V only. Bradley Koda of Best Electronics assured us
that the Falcon power supplies will go along with it and gave us the right cable
to connect our machine. With a bad feeling in the stomach we switched the Falcon
on and... OK!

After we finished the building up of our stand we helped our  neighbour, Bradley
Koda of Best Electronics, who carried a lot of stuff with to the fair and needed
every helping  hand to unpack  all the  countless boxes (about 40). A journalist
takes some  pictures of  Volkers violet  coloured Falcon, who  seems to  be more
interesting for some people on the show as our game itself.

Later we got the  exhibitor indentification cards by the nice receptionist. Also
some visitors were already arrived too, to get their reserved visitors tickets.
There were  several types  of tickets. One of them contained all  services, also
the participation of the welcome party for the exhibitors on the Friday evening.

Actually  the party has  taken place at the evening in  an adjoining  room. In a
very solemn  ambiente with buffet and an adress of  Donald A. Thomas, who talked
about the effort of the organising team around Richard Tsukiji.
After this all people talked to another very lively.
Immediately we  talked to some visitors - besides  Atari about the  topic of the
best american beer (and of course we tried  to make as  much propaganda  for our
game RUNNING as possible...).

After this the first half day of  the show comes  to an end. We were  very happy
that our systems running fine and all started very nice.


PART THREE - LET THE SHOW BEGIN!

(Btw... I'm back in Germany again.... uarhh! Cold!)
The show began at Saturday and Sunday at 10 AM and closed on both days  at 5 PM.
And really, there were a lot of visitors entering the show. Unfortunately only a
few of them were  interested in Falcon games. But  you could notice immediately:
there were a lot of real HARD Atari freax around! Many of them used the occasion
to buy old but good choice of VCS 2600 games or to take a look at  all the Atari
rarities and prototypes.
Meanwhile the show there were a lot of other activities held, just like speeches
of former members  of the Atari staff and  gurus of the scene. Furthermore there
was an auction and several gamers competitions. Details coming up later...
At first  I will give  you an overview  about the present  exhibitors  and their
offers...

ÛATARI GAMING HEADQUARTERS  (www.atarihq.com)

John Hardie, Keita Iida and Les Caron are working on this homepage. It's  a site
with informations about all Atari systems, with news, an online museum and more.
John Hardie and Keita Iida we met personally on the show, on  their page we were
before the party also many times because there you  could find the  informations
about the ATARI WORLD. Anyway, their page is recommendable.


ÛATARI HISTORICAL SOCIETY

There were presented a lot of videos  with old  Atari promotion, but there  were
some  old systems  too, just  like  the Atari 1450XLD (from  1984), old  boards,
System X (a personal Atari machine, from 1982), several trackballs and stuff who
belongs to a museum, an Atari  museum. Unbelievable  what stuff was  released by
Atari!


ÛB&C COMPUTERVISIONS

There you  could get  original Atari joysticks  for the VCS 2600. Trackballs and
8bit machines (who needs an Atari XL for  just 75$?) were taken to  the show too
by the guys from El Dorado.


ÛBEST ELECTRONICS  (www.best-electronics-ca.com  or  bestelec@concentric.net)

The biggest stand was from  Bradley Koda of Best Electronics. Brad is present on
all big shows here in Europe too, maybe you know him  from the fairs in Neuss or
Schaafheim. Also on the next big ATARI FAIR in Neuss, at least he  told me this,
he will be present again. Anyway, a look to his massive offers  we can recommend
for every Atari fan! On his stand you could find all a real Atari fanatic needs:
Atari belt buckles (my personal favourite), Atari coffee cups, T-shirts, tons of
cool  VCS 2600  games (River Raid, Pitfall 2, Frogger...), joysticks, ST  games,
Atari printers, cables, adapters (besides  others just to  connect the  VCS 2600
with the JaguarPad), original Atari artwork  for packagings, memory  modules and
specifications for TOS and Falcon and last but not least development systems for
the Lynx, and of course thousands of other small items.
Unfortunately  he can only  take a part  of his big offers to the european shows
but you can just visit his homepages if you're searching for something.
I have bought an Atari World 98 T-shirt by him...


ÛCALIFORNIA EXTREME 98

Here they  made promotion  for a video consoles  and pinball show  in  San Jose,
California, held  in  September. And  what took  they to the  show? Some classic
coin ups - of course all  switched to free  gaming! There were massive hits like
Star Wars, Escape From  The Planet  Of The Robot  Monsters, Battlezone (build in
1980), Marble  Madness  (with  Trackball - divine!!!) Joust, Tempest, Asteroids,
Gauntlet 2, Centipede, Wizards Of Wor and the biggest thing at all: PONG!!!!!
There all  gambled like hell! We saw a lot of new coin ups too, but the old ones
have a very special charme, I will point out this!


ÛCENTEK

Centek announced that they finished their CenTurbo 2 hardware but  unfortunately
they have problems with  the production  of the  card as we  heard. Anyway  they
matched it  to take one  of this cards, the CenTurbo 2 Final Release Board  with
to Las Vegas. Or  at least they  sent it to the show! It arrived  on Saturday at
11 AM, with a big sheet for installation description. We  presented this card on
our stand and were impressed by the massive performance.
68030 with  50 MHz, FastRAM, DSP  and Bus  with 50 MHz  too. The price  is about
1650 FF (about 500 DM). We installed RUNNING and it was  running (!) without any
problems and this in high speed! Cool thing!
I hope to see CENTEK on the fair in Neuss / Germany to give insider informations
about this great card. Anyway, the hardware is really cool, fast and neat.


ÛCOLLECTIBLES PLUS

They presented some collectors thingies, just like a Laserdisc System.


ÛEMULATORS, INC.  (www.emulators.com  or  info@emulators.com)

On this stand there was presented the GEMULATOR 98 PRO Edition, a TOS/GEM/Mac OS
emulation for Windows 95/98/NT. The price was fixed by 149$.


ÛJACK BERG SALES COMPANY  (tber1869@aol.com)

Cartridges, T-shirts, posters, joysticks and also Coleco-Atari 2600 converters.
Here we go.


ÛHOMA SYSTEMS HOUSE  (www.magma.ca/~nima  or  homa@canada.com)

On the Homa stand we could find scanner softwares (ScanX Pro, NovaScan) and also
Infopedia v2, a multimedia encyclopedia on CD ROM.


ÛNYKO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  (www.nyko.com  or info@nyko.com)

Nyko showed a  re-release of the  Atari Trackball for the  Sony Playstation (PSX
Trackball). Games like  Centipede, Asteroids  and Monopoly  will be released for
the PSX soon, therefore the  Trackball will be  right. He already runs  with all
games who can be controlled with mouse too. Ok, Playsation freay, we hope you'll
find your luck with it...


ÛO'SHEA LTD.  (www.oshealtd.com  or  bilh@oshealtd.com)

A lot of  games for  VCS 2600 and 7800, just  like  Space Invaders, Galaxian and
Dig Dug...


ÛRUNNING DESIGN TEAM  (www.atari-computer.de/rdt  or  kx0029@kulmbach.baynet.de)

We presented our Doom-look-a-like shot'em'up game Running to the american public
on our Falcon. From time to time we showed it with the  CenTurbo 2 hardware too,
yep... fast!

And we had  a welt premier  too (sounds like in a german RTL own production...):
we released the Running Level Editor. This tool runs only on PC under Windows 95
and NT, a  Pentium is  recommended. The  editor  comes along  with all  original
Running Level datas, just like grafix, textures, samples, monster animations and
level files. Last but not least there is a german instruction in HTML format and
a tutorial included. The own levels can be exchanged with  the original ones and
played on the Falcon with the original game.

The Level Editor  will be  delivered on CD ROM (with some  RDT render  movies to
fill up the CD) and will cost 39 DM. For all people with Running license it will
cost only 29 DM. Together with Running in a bundle it will cost 79 DM.
You can order it by cash on delivery by:

RDT Volker Konrad
Georg-Thiel-Str. 13
95326 Kulmbach
Germany

...or at the homepage.

Btw. the "Amis" were very interested in the Level Editor (and even  if there was
no english  instruction  some of  them bought it right on the show!). They  also
liked the game, but you could hear many of them say: "If I had a Falcon, I would
buy it..."


ÛSOUNDPOOL

They were represented by WIZZTRONICS (look some lines below) but except  a price
list nothing was available.


ÛSTEVE'S COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY  (www.atarionline.com)

(erm... sorry, no informtations)


ÛSYSTEM'S FOR TOMORROW  www.systemsfortomorrow.com / sales@systemsfortomorrow.com

Besides games for the ST there was a lot stuff for the Lynx around, last but not
least I saw also Crown Of Creation for the Falcon. Cool games and cool prices.
They also announced the Milan for the american public.

Btw... many people asked us  about our meaning  to the  Milan. It seems as  many
people in the  United States are very interested in this new  machine. You could
hear that the most of them have to do with Windows  systems at work  but private
they're still using Atari machines because of the stability and easy to handle.


ÛWIZZTRONICS  (www.wizztronics.com  or  info@wizztronics.com)

Besides an  adapter who allows to connect two 3,5" IDE harddrives to  the Falcon
they also  presented the Lynx TV  converter. This  converter  displays  the Lynx
screen on a TV set, including the sound. Some games looking really cool on it!
This hardware is thought for build-in into the Lynx.


WHAT HAPPENED BESIDES THIS?!

There was  presented the  game "Battlesphere" for the  Jaguar, it's a  3d space-
shot'em'up. There were gamers  competitions held with  this game  and "Warlords"
on the VCS 2600.

ÒTHE AUCTION

Unfortunately  I don't know  too much  about the auction. There were  REAL Atari
rarities  presented and they changed the owners. You could even  get proto-types
and  original  coin ups. This event was held  by a  professional  auctioner. All
sitting with  numbers around  in the  room, funny, just real  professional, only
that no pictures or so changed the owner but real Atari history.

ÒTHE KEYNOTES

There were  a lot of people talking, just for example Steve Woita (Taz, Asterix,
Quadrun), Bill  Kunkel, Rob  Fulop (Demon Atack), John  Harris,  Lance  J. Lewis
(Alien Vs. Predator level designer), Dan Kramer and Jerry Jessop.
I was  in the  keynotes of  Dave Staugas and Arnie Katz/Joyce Worley - and I was
really impressed.

Dave Staugas has written besides other things the wellknown Neochrome. He talked
interesting  things  about programming  the VCS 2600. So he  tried to  include a
string with his name into a module and Atari checked this up with an ASCII dump.
To the question  about Fan post and feedback he  mentioned a lot  of letter from
Germany (containing most a 20 DM note) for Neochrome.

Arnie Katz was  the first one  who tested VCS 2600 games for the mag "Electronic
Games" and  released  those  tests in  this  publication. So he  was one  of the
founders of the guilde of games testers. Besides some wild  stories convinced me
his views  about good games design  and his visions about the future  of gaming,
but also his critical sights of the current situation.

The keynotes I could experience were really good. You could hear something about
Atari, and also how enhousiastic the staff in former times was and what it meant
to be an employee of this firm.
They maked  clear too  that Atari was the  foundation stone of the  daily games-
industry. This was nearly forgotten with the time.
There were times as  games had funny  ideas and were  only because of  them very
successfull, not only  because of Crash-Boom-Bang effects or only because of the
support of Voodoo cards and so on. Also this was nearly forgotten with the time.
Ok, somewhere  it was ever  a special  feeling to be an  Atarian (It was still a
good decision to buy no Amiga - remember the Atari-Amiga-War?!).

ÚCONCLUSION

Over all there was horrible much to see there for the VCS 2600. For the "Amis"
Atari seems to be still the inventor of the video games, Atari computers however
never played a big role in the United States. We  checked out this because there
weren't especially many Falcon users around as we thought to find there.
But anyway, it was a great thing to  speak with Americans. Those are  really the
hardest freax, they still holding the Atari banner and waiting with shining eyes
for new hardware (just like the Milan).
The show wasn't very big but good organised and there were a lot of visitos too,
at least at Saturday. On Sunday  there weren't  so much interested  people, esp.
only a few Falcon owners.
I personally  liked the  possibility to play  around with  pinball games and old
and classic coin ups like Star Wars and co.
I also liked the very nice atmosphere at the welcome on the strip.
The best thing  over all were  the speeches of Arnie Katz, Joyce Worley and Dave
Staugas (the  others I missed because the lack of time). It was totally  madness
what those guys knowing about insider stories, their analysis and  visions about
the topic video games.
We were very surprised of  the friendly  atmosphere  and the course  of the show
(ok, for the business administration of the  Running Design Team it isn't true).
It was a real experience!

---------------------------------------------- Michael Opel / Mike of Stax^RDT -
- (bad) english translation by moondog - poets of decay ------------------------