--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Û .................  .  .                                               Û.
   Û : Ú ___ _______ ___     _______ _______     ___ ___ _______ __    __
   Û : Ú|___|   _   |   |__ |   _   |   _   |__ |   |___|   _   |  |__|  |  Û:
   Û :.Ú|   |   |   |   __/_|   ____|   |   |  \|   |   |   ____|  |  |  | Û :
      Ú|   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |___|   \   |   |   |   |  |  |  |  Û:
      Ú|___|___|   |____   |____   |___|   |   ____|___|____   |___  |  | Û :
     Ò=========Ú|___|Ò===Ú|___|Ò===Ú|___|Ò=======Ú|___|Ò===========Ú|___|sns_____|Û..:
   Û                                                                    ...:..
   Û  .   ..  .............................................................:.:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     on the electric chair: ÛmOd of Ú.tSCc. - his executioner: moondog of pod


UCM: Hi mOd, or can I say Torschten?! Anyway, after a long time I  finally found
     the motivation to  write down  a LOT  of questions  to torment  you for our
     lovely  readers. So be  prepared  for a long  long night, in  answering and
     egotripping, crying  and  laughing! I will  start right  now with the first
     question:

     Do you really think  you're your mother's pride? Just look, you're  sitting
     in front of  a humble  computer, just painting stuff since years  and maybe
     without  leaving your real small  room for many days... Do you have a  real
     life besides computing?

ÛMOD: Moinmoin Eric, well, before I start to answer this first question I like to
Û     criticise  your  first  sentence  written  above. There you are  talking of
Û     "lovely readers". Doesn't  this  sound  a bit  suspect? You  are  no carpet
Û     crawler, no homosexual, not even editor of  British diskmag! So  why you're
Û     calling your readers "lovely"? I think this sucks. ;)
Û     ...
Û     Of course I am my mother's  pride! And this  since february  1977! I have a
Û     deep relationship to my mum  and she's nearly the only  authority I believe
Û     in. I never made her any anger and I have always been a kind boy. ;)

Û     Hi Mum!

Û     About the computer-thing I am not too sure if  she really checks  what I am
Û     doing  with my  computer. When she  asks me  what I  have  done  the  whole
Û     afternoon and I say "I learned a bit for civil law and then I  painted some
Û     stuff", she is really happy  about the first  thing, but wonders  why I was
Û     "playing" with my  computer again. After  QUAST  she was  a bit  astonished
Û     about the  printer I brought home  with me, never thinking  about me making
Û     the first place with "playing"... :)

Û     But really: is my  computer "humble"? I don't  think so! Some  times ago, a
Û     sage guy  told me that  it's not the  computer being  good or bad, but  the
Û     people using them. So my Falcon is only what I make with it...

Û     And of course I do have a real  life besides the  scene! Therefor  it's not
Û     right when you are  saying that I am  not leaving my  room for days because
Û     of painting. This never  happens or at  least it  happens really seldom. As
Û     I already told you some time ago, my  computer life  is not such a big part
Û     of my life. It is a great hobby, but it's  not taking all my free time. The
Û     main thing in my life  are the studies of  law. I'm really into law, I love
Û     it. I read  books about  it all  day long and  I cannot  think of something
Û     else. Besides, I  also like  to play  table-tennis  twice or even  thrice a
Û     week in the local  university's sports-club (you  should see me smashing my
Û     opponents "out"! Hehe....), go to meet  friends, enjoy  a lot of  music and
Û     drive with my bike through the nature near by my hometown.

Û     Maybe the only thing that is missing to a "real life" is a girl-friend, but
Û     that's an other sad story not to be told here.


UCM: As we all know  you're painting  a lot of stuff for  several people, groups
     and bands. Besides this you have also some real boring  hobbies like listen
     to Dire Straits and Genesis or playing ping pong all the  day. Just explain
     us how it is to have such a fullfilled life?!

ÛMOD: Hehe... To be honest: I am not listening to music by Dire Straits too often
Û     anymore  because it is a  bit overdone now. But I am still collecting every
Û     single, maxi  single, promotional  pressings  and  so  on. But  okay, table
Û     tennis and Genesis are really big parts of my life, even if you  missed the
Û     main part: the law studies.

Û     Right.

Û     When I do some  graphics, it takes a real long time till they are finished.
Û     I don't paint more than maybe one to one and a  half hour a day. That's not
Û     only because  there are other things I like to do, but also because of lack
Û     of inspiration after this time.

Û     Table tennis is a fine compensation for all the hard brain-work  I am doing
Û     during the days. I feel great after having played maybe for  two hours. You
Û     should  try  this  too! At  least  it  is  a  good  way  to keep my weight,
Û     preventing of getting to fat... ;)

Û     Genesis' old  albums give  me the  power  and inspiration  to go on  in the
Û     scene. I never heard better music.

Û     But if the question  was meant a bit ironic (and I am sure it was!), I just
Û     like to say that I feel my life as a fullfilled one, maybe not totally (see
Û     last question, last sentence) but good enough to call it little paradise.


UCM: Maybe some  people know that  you're studying  the law and so I want to ask
     you if you think that it's legal to spent more time with computing  instead
     of having real friends and so on. When you discovered that  there is a much
     bigger and more colourful world behind your window?

ÛMOD: /grins

Û     Of course it is  legal to  do so! Why it  shouldn't? I believe  in what old
Û     emporer Friedrich II. of Borussia  said: "Allowed is what you like".  So if
Û     you like  to spent more  hours with your computer than with your girl, it's
Û     your thing. I wouldn't.

Û     About  the colourful world  behind my  window: I realized  that when  I was
Û     aged 3.


UCM: Hum, I think I will not out your boring life more  at the moment. So I will
     go over to  the more  important  topic: computers! As  everyone  in  the so
     called scene also you started as a pure lamer and when I'm right  it was on
     the XL/XE. Just tell me how you got hold of an  American computer meanwhile
     the Berlin Wall  was  still existing  and people  were  shot on the German/
     German frontier!

ÛMOD: As some  people might  know, I was  born in  the German Democratic Republic
Û     (GDR), the socialist part  of Germany in the east. When the  wall was built
Û     in 1961, the parents of my father and the  grand parents of my  mother were
Û     living in  the Federal Republic of Germany and our family got terrible torn
Û     apart. Till 1989 we  were not able to meet them, the only things we got was
Û     some money  and packages  with needed  things. We had shops in the GDR that
Û     offered  products from  the western  part of  Germany. You had to pay there
Û     with DM, not  with the money  from the east. Fortunately we had some money,
Û     so my dad bought a atARi 800 XE with a tape recorder and that was the way I
Û     got hold of this computer!


UCM: What did you do with  this machines? Was it possible to  get hold of games?
     Do you know if there was somekind of Atari 8bit scene  in East-Germany this
     time? I know that also LOT of .tnb. got his XL before the  fall of the GDR.

ÛMOD: When my  father got  the XE, I was ten years old. So the  main thing  I did
Û     with it was  playing games like RESCUE ON FRACTALUS, SUPER COBRA and SILENT
Û     SERVICE. The  games  were  loaded  from  tape, which  took up to 30 minutes
Û     sometimes. Getting games wasn't too hard, because there were a lot of other
Û     people  having  a XE in the GDR. So  we got  a new tape full of games every
Û     week! This was real fun!

Û     I cannot tell you much about the XE scene  in eastern  Germany before 1990.
Û     I know that some of  the best  demos of this  time were done  by some dudes
Û     from  Saxonia  and  there  were  regular  meetings of the  whole "scene" in
Û     Bîhlen, a town near by home hometown. No/Escape told me that there  existed
Û     an atARi club in his hometown, Dresden, which had about 500 members.
Û     Astonishing, isn't it?

Û     The demos by the east  German guys were also  the first that  I ever saw. I
Û     was impressed by them and  from 1990 on  I also tried  to do something like
Û     they did...


UCM: Do you had any contacts to foreign  people at this time or  was it possible
     at all to build up some contacts?

ÛMOD: I was really to young at all to have contacts to other people. I mainly got
Û     new stuff ("new tapes" ;) from my cousin or my uncle. I was surely possible
Û     to get in touch with people from the west, because I saw a lot of greetings
Û     in the east Germany productions to guys from West Berlin and so on...


UCM: When you got in touch  with the ST the first time?! And why  you decided to
     leave the 8bit sector?

ÛMOD: First time I saw a ST was at  my uncle's flat  in 1990. He bought  one just
Û     after the DM was also currency  in East Germany. I really liked its colours
Û     and sound and esp. the games. Too bad I hadn't seen an AmiGA that time...

Û     In spring 1991 I decided  to buy a  ST as well, due to  the fact  my cousin
Û     already had one and was collecting masses of games for it.

Û     So what else should I have done?


UCM: Ok, what were your first steps on the ST? Just gambling? Just tell me!

ÛMOD: Yes, I played games all  day long and  collected a lot of  illegal stuff. I
Û     was a funny  time, because I  always got  the latest  cracks of  quite good
Û     games. I also played a bit around with Omikron Basic and did some lines and
Û     points with monochrome graphic programms such as LAVADRAW or PAD.
Û     (anyone remembering those?)


UCM: As I know  there was a  band called  TGH but I don't remember  right if you
     used this label already on 8bit. Just tell me more about it!

ÛMOD: It was in April 1990 when I was  at my cousin's  flat and there  we checked
Û     out the latest stuff he  got for the XE. (if  we can call it  this way: two
Û     children looking at games ;)) And we also  saw some nice  demos done by THE
Û     GERMAN CHAOTICS and THE CHAOTIC HACKERS. It  was "up to date" to  have such
Û     stupid names  these days  and because we  also wanted to  do something like
Û     they did (we weren't able of course!) and because it was "cool" in general,
Û     we just mixed up the names of the above mentioned crews and called ourselfs
Û     THE GERMAN HACKER, TGH.

Û     The name was a bit  incorrect, because we  were two, so  it must  have been
Û     called HACKERS, but we did not know  any English at  this time  and who did
Û     care? No-one knew us.

Û     In 1990 we took some listings  from XL-books and  played a bit  around with
Û     them, adding music and  some ugly gfx. We  thought it was  cool. It wasn't,
Û     indeed, but a good start into what we might call demoscene.


UCM: Erm... perhaps it's funny, maybe just  boring. Why the hell you  decided to
     take the nickname Master Of Dynamite (means mOd)?! Hehehehe...

ÛMOD: Erm, hmm. There are  two stories about this. The right one is just lame and
Û     I never told it to someone before. The other one is the story I told people
Û     till 1996 or so.

Û     The  false  one: I  got the  name from  a comic  I really  liked. MASTER OF
Û     DYNAMITE was one of the bad guys in there.

Û     Poor, ehh?

Û     The right one is even poorer.

Û     Here it is: Some  day I read  a German  games-magazine  called  ASM. Esp. I
Û     liked the feedback corner. There was a feedback letter from a guy called...
Û     RIGHT!

Û     MASTER OF DYNAMITE.

Û     I took this one.

Û     :()

Û     But I have to  admit that  this old nick  doesn't has  to do much  with the
Û     current "mOd". I only  called  myself  MASTER OF DYNAMITE for a  very short
Û     time in 1991, then changed it to MOD, to M.O.D., then to m.O.d. and finally
Û     to mOd since I am in tSCc.

Û     This was the whole story about my nick, reader's, get awake again!


UCM: But besides all this stories, it's true that you only with  your later band
     TRACK 41  matched it to going  more public. I remember  some  strange demos
     (like a screen with  a sloooow line  vector  or your  cruel XMAS 92 DENTRO)
     and module disx which  were never  spreaded right (perhaps because of their
     shit quality, eh?!). Can you tell us more about your time in TRACK 41?!

ÛMOD: Firstly: the XMAS 92 Dentro is not cruel. It was  a hard thing  of work for
Û     me to do.

Û     My time in TRACK 41 is the same lame story  as the time in  TGH was. On the
Û     way back home  from the  ATARI FAIR 1991 in  DÅsseldorf, my cousing decided
Û     to rename TGH into  something else. Because we didn't had a dictionary with
Û     us, we just took a name of one guy from Sinclair Spectrum, who was  writing
Û     in the monthly COMPUTER FLOHMARKT magazine we had taken with us.

Û     For TRACK41 I coded a lot of stuff, but I  also began to  paint during that
Û     time. The time I  was in  TRACK41 lasted  about 13 month  or so. We  got in
Û     touch with a lot of people then - even with you. TRACK41 died when I joined
Û     tnb in  October 1993. We  had 5 or 6  members at the end, most of them real
Û     lamers. Just as we were.


UCM: A strange  thing is that the  most T 41 productions were coded by  yourself
     instead of MAD JAKE who  was mentioned in  the credits. Why  you decided to
     gave the credits to him? Were you too cowardly  to write down your own name
     or what?

ÛMOD: Ohh, do you really have to ask me those questions? It hurts.

Û     Because it is right!

Û     It just  was like  this, MAD JAKE being  the coder  of the  crew, but doing
Û     nothing and not even  having the  capabilities of  doing _anything_. He was
Û     just lame. But he was my cousin. And because it would have looked like shit
Û     if the graphic  artist of a group is doing everything, even code, but maybe
Û     also because I was a bit too timid, I gave him the credits.

Û     Strange thing.


UCM: You already did some grafix  stuff this time. Not only for  TRACK 41. I can
     remember some logos for DEATHSTONE and ANIMAL MINE too. Why you  decided to
     make more and more  only grafix? When you discovered  things like Dithering
     or  Antialiasing? I can  remember that  you had  a good  contact  to JMS of
     ANIMAL MINE this time...

ÛMOD: That's right. I started  to paint more often in summer 1992 when I got more
Û     and more  into that "I like to be like the guys from the demoscene"-kind of
Û     thing. After  I got OHH CRICKEY WOT A SCORCHER and saw the wonderful gfx by
Û     SPAZ, I  decided to  become a  painter. So I  sat down and tried, tried and
Û     tried.

Û     ...and tried, till  I got in  contact with  jMS of AM in late  1992. He was
Û     already one of the best  painters on ST this time. When I met him the first
Û     time in summer '93, he also checked out my works and told me what I  should
Û     change in  my gfx and what I should do different. He gave me such a  lot of
Û     hints and ideas, so I may call him my tutor or something like that.

Û     I do hand-smooting since august 1993, dithering in the style  I am doing it
Û     now since may 1994 with some improvements.


UCM: Then there  was another cruel  story. Because TRACK 41  was going  down you
     wanted to join ANIMAL MINE. Just tell me why  this deal never  was finished
     and you finally joined the bunch of THE NAUGHTY BYTES instead!

ÛMOD: Ohh, do you really have  to pull _all_ those fucking old stories out of the
Û     dustbin? Most of them are just embarrassing for me! Like this one...

Û     In summer '93, I met  jMS and we  had a great week of fun  at his hometown.
Û     Some hours  before I liked to  travel back home, he  called PENGUIN/AM, who
Û     was the leader of the group and asked him if I could join as gfx man.

Û     PENGUIN said it might be okay, be firstly  I should do  some gfx. So when I
Û     was a home, I was  totally hyped up. I did three logos within 3 days or so.
Û     They were  bad, painted  on my old  TV set. I sent them to jMS and  then he
Û     sent them to PENGUIN.

Û     He must have had a good laugh about those!

Û     Even if jMS told me that were good, I don't really believe. But ANIMAL MINE
Û     was already  kind of dead  in late  1993, so I  got no  reply from  PENGUIN
Û     again, and because jMS did not  know what was  going on, I decided  to join
Û     tnb, which also looked quite promising... (Ahm, about 5 month  later it was
Û     jMS who wanted to join tnb. But we  said "No, you just want fool us!". What
Û     a big mistake - he meant it serious.)


UCM: Erm... some new words  joined your  vocabular... just  like  FAME... and so
     the not  so glory things (in  my eyes) happened. I think you were  bored of
     the strange states in TNB. I would  say we had a lot  of  talented guys but
     never a real coordination... nearly no  cooperation and  so  on. Was it the
     only thing because you were pissed off?

ÛMOD: You know, tnb  was the  funniest band of  the whole  scene and I  know what
Û     these times will never show up again. Do you still remember the tnb crew at
Û     the super market in LÅtzen? What a mess! Greatest things ever happened.

Û     But after one year  in the army, I changed my views a bit and maybe I got a
Û     bit more  adult. I did  not take part in the scene these 12 month and I did
Û     not even know what was going on. When I tried to re-enter the scene in late
Û     '96, tnb was in a very bad state. Most of the cool 9 members left the band.
Û     Especially  I mourned for  the loss of KYNE, who formed his own crew called
Û     SPIRITS. And our talented musicians going to PC put me down as well. In the
Û     end, Drizzt  was too lazy  to be at least a bit productive in comparison to
Û     my productivity.

Û     I do not like to paint a  hundred of pictures  that are not  used later on.
Û     But this  was exactly  the way  it went  in tnb. (and  unfortunately that's
Û     partly the way it goes in .tSCc. as well :()

Û     But leaving tnb  surely didn't had to do with fame! or what else. You know,
Û     friendship  is more important  than fame, but having the wish to remove the
Û     feeling  of making useless  stuff and  feeling bad because of  this is even
Û     more important than friendship.


UCM: What do you think about AAAOUFS MAAOUL?! (some fave TNB saying).

ÛMOD: Wow! You remember that? Most  readers surely  don't know what  it means and
Û     where it comes from. It is just a German  saying of some  people being in a
Û     low social state. (grin) It is a provocating "Wanna have smashed my fist in
Û     'ur face?" and this very  special way of pronounciation was invented by jMS
Û     and me. We  had a lot  of fun with  it and so the tnb  guys had. It  really
Û     sounds disgusting!


UCM: And what  do you think  about the  split of TNB... as all  people  know the
     religious fanatics KYNE (aka SEB) and CONNOR founded their own band  called
     SPIRITS.

ÛMOD: KYNE and CONNOR leaving  the band was  the beginning of the  long ending of
Û     tnb. They were so talented, but went to wrongest  way they could  go. Their
Û     reason for leaving tnb was not being religious fanatics, but maybe the same
Û     reason I left, too: ill communication!


UCM: Are there  also good memories  of your  time in TNB (over  three years!)? I
     think the strange parties and so on... or was it all just a big shit?!

ÛMOD: No question! Of course it was  no shit! The time  in tnb is  still the best
Û     I ever  had. Everything  was so  new and  the people  were totally crazy. I
Û     really liked  it! tnb living  together in one  house would have been great,
Û     tnb as a demogroup is - in a retrospective sight - a nightmare.


UCM: As the  most readers know you  decided to leave  TNB  in December 1996 when
     the band was already dying. And you joined tSCc... Why  you joined them and
     no other band? Because they were the "true rulerz" of the  German scene? Or
     do you thought  they are able to present your grafix in the  way it used to
     be? (to get fame, eh?!)

ÛMOD: I did not joined them because they were "true rulers". I did not know about
Û     this - the  only productions I knew were some Module Compil intros  and the
Û     great  Terrorize Your Soul-dentro. I  also heard  of a  crazy  coder called
Û     LLAMA who was still doing ST stuffs.

Û     So I joined them because I did not had a full overview over the scene after
Û     I left  the army! Back  then I had  no internet  access and there were only
Û     some still active groups in Germany I knew: STAX, THERAPY, AVENA and tSCc.

Û     Now we all see it was the best  to join  tSCc, because  they were  the most
Û     productive of them all. But on the  other hand, there  were also some other
Û     crews I maybe  should have joined and who are more productive... But I like
Û     to be in a crew with people from my country.


UCM: Hehe. Can you  tell me your  feelings to see the TNB  demo "LASSE REINBôNG"
     with a lot  of your grafix and  design ideas  win  the  competition  at the
     SILICON'97 against TSCC's "SIX SIEVERT", also with your  grafix and design!

ÛMOD: On the one hand it was nice to see a demo with my gfx and design ideas rule
Û     the competition.

Û     On the  other  hand, we  were  really  disappointed about  the  result. SIX
Û     SIEVERT got  4th place  and this  must  have  been  fake. Unfortunately  we
Û     checked this first two weeks after the party. But before we saw the results
Û     at the  winning ceremony, we  already kinda felt we were on first place and
Û     we made jokes  about being the last or so. So it was a big shock for us. We
Û     couldn't  say anything  and just stood on the floor for about half an hour,
Û     just looking  in each other's face not knowing what we've done wrong. I was
Û     near to cry, but I could hold back my tears. Such a hard work! Biggest logo
Û     I ever did. And then 4th place?

Û     I had to leave this fucking building and the whole city of Bremen.

Û     SiliConvention '97 was traumatic in the history of tSCc. No question.


UCM: Today it seems that you're the most important grafician of the  Atari scene
     because  you're working for many  several  bands  and projects. But  you're
     still a bit pissed off this  scene if I remember right, because you already
     told me things like: It isn't  worth to do anything for Atari anymore becoz
     I don't get the fame I need and deserve... Is it still your meaning?

ÛMOD: The whole question is not right. If you think that I am the most  important
Û     gfx man  of  the  scene, I won't  say  anything  about  this and  it's your
Û     personal opinion. But  only because I am doing gfx for a lot of groups does
Û     not mean to be important.

Û     Because this could also  be a sign of being  unnecessary and not  needed in
Û     the own band. I am just doing  gfx for all the  other crew 'cause there are
Û     not enough tSCc productions my gfx would fit in...

Û     But you are  right when you say that I am partly pissed off about the whole
Û     scene thing. When  I do gfx, I want  to reach a lot of people. That's a big
Û     part of  my motivation. I wouldn't call it "fame" or anything like that. It
Û     is just the  feeling that you reach more people with your new graphics than
Û     you  ever done  before. Maybe  because they  are better. At least that's my
Û     motivation.

Û     But when I check out nowaday's  scene, I have the  bad feeling  that I know
Û     _every single person_ who is  checking out my pictures personally. And that
Û     is annoying  me. I don't  have the feeling  that there is some undiscovered
Û     land for me.

Û     I had a nice talk about this problem  with No/Escape whilst  going to QUAST
Û     party. He saw it more positive and told  me about a  lot of people he never
Û     heard of before  seeing his productions. That made me happy for some hours,
Û     but today I am again on the same point of view. Sorry.

Û     So I don't "need fame", I just need more people looking at my gfx. And it's
Û     totally crap  when you say that I "deserve fame". This is the worst thing I
Û     ever heard. As  you know, I am  not too persuated about my works and that's
Û     also the way people may think about them...


UCM: Another thing was your idea to  drive to the QUAST '98 just to impress some
     lamers... because you're the best ST grafician at the  moment. But  after I
     asked you if  you want to enter  the competition you were  not sure because
     you thought some great Polish Amiga artist could enter the competition  too
     and you would loose it... As we all know, you  have  won... but please tell
     me and the readers of the UCM why you changed your mind!

ÛMOD: Firstly I got to  tell you that my  worst dreams  came true  when I saw the
Û     competition entries:  I _HAD_ to compete with Polish Amiga artists and this
Û     was a  nightmare  for me. They  were so  good and  I never thought of being
Û     under the top five of the entries.

Û     Impressing  lamers. Hehe, well, lamers might  be the wrong  expression, but
Û     "unknown people" may fit better. People not knowing my gfx. Just as I wrote
Û     above.

Û     And why  did I change  my mind? Well, it all  began when I had  a phonecall
Û     with you one  evening. We chatted  about a lot of things, but also about me
Û     going to QUAST party. You asked me if I am going to present a picture there
Û     and I said  I would if  there will be a seperate ST compo. Unfortunately it
Û     wasn't held, so the only gfx compo left for me was the truecolor gfx compo.
Û     But  hell! I knew  that a lot  of good Polish  artists would be there and I
Û     would have to work really hard to get at least place 3.

Û     I hate loosing. I hate it  so much that it is kind of a neurotic feeling. I
Û     only like to take part in save competitions. Sorry, but that's my spleen.

Û     You know what you answered about that. It wasn't too nice, but it opened my
Û     eyes.

Û     After this  phonecall  I was  really  shocked - I realized  my spleen  more
Û     clearly than ever before. And I  also promised myself to show  the bastards
Û     at QUAST what I am able to do. So  I sat down  two days  later and began to
Û     paint JASMiN aka BlÅmchen, my winning picture from QUAST party.


UCM: At next a very earnest question: for what are you doing grafix  in general,
     for the thing itself, for  the scene, just for fun or to  get some fame and
     to impress some lamers only?!

ÛMOD: Short earnest question, short earnest answer: mainly I paint to get relaxed
Û     (you should have seen me whilst painting!), but I  also do  it to  bring my
Û     gfx too more people all over Europe.

Û     Unfortunately I have to admit that  I'm not doing  it for the  scene in the
Û     first or even the second line.

Û     Weird ehh?


UCM: Besides your  work on Atari  you founded a new band on PC, called  NUMB. At
     first you wanted to stop  your work on  Atari but I  hope you  changed your
     mind after the QUAST'98. Why you made the step into the PC scene?!

ÛMOD: Totally wrong! I am not a member of NUMB, but I am some kind like a founder
Û     of the band.

Û     NUMB is a crew formed by good friends of mine from school and from my city,
Û     being very  talented and  promising. Under an other name they  made the 6th
Û     place at  MEKKA '98 party. When  you reflect that there were about 25 demos
Û     in the competition, this isn't a too bad result for a first demo.

Û     So what I am doing for them?

Û     Hmm. For instance the name was my idea. Unfortunately  my other  proposals,
Û     HYPE and FUNK, were  already  in  use  by  other  groups. Besides, a lot of
Û     design and so in the  new demos will be  done by me, too. But I won't paint
Û     gfx especially for the PC. NUMB will only get my atARi gfx for free use. So
Û     I did not  step into the PC scene, even if I really like the style of demos
Û     there.


UCM: Ok, and because we're always on  the egotrippaz  way here comes  a very new
     feature of  the UCM  interviews... Now  you  have the  possibility  to give
     yourself 3 questions with  topics you want to  talk about but no one wanted
     to ask you about, hehe...

ÛMOD: 1. Do you fear  the victory  of the  CDU and  Helmut Kohl at next  national
Û        poll?

Û        As a member  of the  Social Democratic Party of  Germany (SPD) I  really
Û        don't know what to do then. I cannot just  leave the country  because of
Û        this, but I would say it's time to punish the  voters very hard and give
Û        them a  kick in  the ass  then, not  seeing  who is  responsible for the
Û        situation in Germany.

Û        I like to quote Bert Brecht here:

Û        "Jedes Volk bekommt die Regierung, die es verdient."
Û        (Every nation gets the government it is worth)

Û        So: vota SPD!



Û     2. Your role-model in the current scene?

Û        505 of CheckPoint.



Û     3. Does this new section has any sense?

Û        No, I don't think so.


UCM: And at next the  wellknown UCM brainstorming, with a special  touch for you
     alone... Because you know about it I will not  explain more... The only new
     thing this time... it's mainly a grafic artist brainstorming...

     16 COLORS -Û number of colors when pictures begin to rock!
                Û best thing when you add "out of 512"!!

     AMIGA     -Û I wonder where they got all the good gfx men from...
                Û 1200 is demomakers' dream machine!

     ANTIALIASING -Û is the only way to give your pictures a smooth touch.
                   Û done by software is the lamest thing I know.
                   Û doing this in monochrome is impossible.

     ATARI -Û ST is cool due to it's lovely 16 colors, FALCON begins to suck
            Û because every dumbass can do good things in truecolor.

     CRACK ART -Û my first love

     CRACKING - Û...of serious commercial programms: I have no problems with it.
                Û...of games: I don't play too much. So I don't need them.

     DEGAS ELITE -Û never got used to it.
                  Û don't understand people who like it (Hi Oliver!)

     DEMOS - Ûshould be art.
             Ûlack of design and art on ST and Falcon both.
             Ûrule on PC.

     DESIGN -Û my spleen.
             Û a demo without isn't a good demo.

     DITHERING -Û a necessary trick on 16 colors to push the pictures' quality.

     FLAN - Ûgood French painter, too much obvious Niko fake stuff.

     LAMER - ÛmOd/.tSCc.

     MAGGIE - Ûbelongs to every well tasting soup.
              ÛatARi's No. 1 diskmag besides UnderCover.

     NEOCHROME - Ûnice scene program, but I don't like realtime zoomers.

     NIKO - Ûrolemodel.
            Ûgod of 16 colors.

     PHOTOSHOP - Ûbig laugh.
                 Ûtool of PC lamers to do their demo-gfx.
                 Ûbetrayal of pixel gfx.

     RENDERING - Ûcan be done well, but sucks in my opinion.

     SCENE - Ûfun on atARi.
             Ûbig on PC.
             Ûelite on aMiGA.
             Ûbest on C64.

     SPAZ - Ûunbelievable gfx in 1991.
            Ûbest artist of his time.

     ST SURVIVOR - ÛLLAMA and me.
                   Ûgreat French artist who should go on painting.

     UNDERCOVER - Ûmassive.
                  Ûsupported it since issue #2.


UCM: Ok, nice. Because  I know  you  like the  latest issue  of Maggie very much
     please give  us (as UCM) some real  critics... don't smear us honey  around
     the mouth...

ÛMOD: Better Loader gfx.
Û     Bigger and more informative articles and reviews. (I am doing my best!)
Û     Intros.
Û     Improving the shell a lot.
Û     Positive view of the scene.
Û     More little stories about the scene.
Û     No "We are the best"-stuff anymore. (you know that you are the best!)


UCM: Hm. Do you have any words for the public? Is there any  message you want to
     give to someone? Now you get the possibility to write it down...

ÛMOD: Thanks for interviewing me!

Û     And greetings  to all people  I know or who  know me, esp. a-t- and tat for
Û     being a source of inspiration!


UCM: Ok, thanx, mate! Even  if I know how  complicated  you are  as  grafician I
     hope to see a lot of more grafix in several  productions. It isn't  time to
     leave and be  sure, there  are a lot of  lamers left  to impress (just like
     Ripley... hehe) and a lot of competitions  to win (to get  some printer who
     never work together with an Atari =) ...) See you...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Û.no retreat and no surrender.                        Úmoondog . Ûpoets of decay
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------