--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            POLISH ST SCENE HISTORY
                         written by Grey / Mystic Bytes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 In recent  times, the Polish Atari scene  has become very famous, because most
 of the  new releases come from  Poland. People outside  this country will have
 read in Maggie, Undercover or Toxic mag that our scene is very young. 
 But it's not true, it has a long history! 
      
 Luckily I have  been on the ST/Falcon scene for over 4 years so I can tell you
 a bit about  the things  happend in past  years. Some  of you  will  be surely
 surprised about the number of groups  in the past! I am sure you didn't expect
 that.

 First of all I will mention  the groups which left the Atari scene a few years
 ago, but which ruled the scene for long time. 

 Team From The East (T.F.T.E.)
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
 They were one of the most famous ST groups in Poland. T.F.T.E.  was founded at 
 the end of 1990. 

 The members were: 

 - STrych 
 - Mr. Byte 
 - LoveSpy.  

 Those guys had a look at new polish  disk-magazines coming up on the Amiga and 
 decided to make a polish magazine for ST. After the few months the first issue
 of "THE VOICE" saw the light of the day. Unfortunately  this issue  didn't got 
 a big response  and the guys from T.F.T.E. lost all the motivation to continue 
 another  issues. But then they  saw the 1st issue of  another polish disk-zine 
 called "QuaST" and  changed their mind. They just  needed to know they weren't 
 alone on the ST scene and began to work on the  2nd issue of "THE VOICE". I do
 not  remember exactly when it happend,  but later they  decided to  join their 
 forces with QuaST club and made the magazine under the common label: THE VOICE 
 OF QUAST. The 7th issue was unfortunately the last one. 
  
 
 The Teeth Shakers (T.T.S.) 
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
 This group was founded in the year 1992. Their members were exSpectrum owners:

 - Marchew
 - Rosomak
 - Mr. Wrobel
 - Rademenes
 
 I don't remember everything what they did on ST, but they made some nice demos
 and few  "MR. WROBEL'S MODULES DISKS". Mr. Wrobel  was  writing some  articles
 for a very famous magazine abroad - ST News.

 I don't  know what  "happend" to other members, but Rademenes bought a Falcon.

 
 The Votion
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
 Well, it's  my old  crew :)) Our group was founded  in the  year 1993  and the
 members were:

 - Sir Chris
 - Costek
 - Uras
 - Bed Arrow (a.k.a. Grey)
                         
 We were working on several projects like a shot'em up  game for STe. The first
 preview was shown on the  QuaST Party '94. Later we did some little intros and 
 showed our first demo at the  QuaST Party '95. Our latest project was the nice
 logical game for STe,  but the main coder (Costek)  moved to PC and we weren't
 able to finish it.     
   
 Sir Chris (founder) bought the PC as well and the group "died".

 Hovewer  Uras still has an  STe and - as  he said  on the recent QuaST party -
 he would like to see something new for STe like demos etc. It's really nice to 
 hear because he was the coder in "The Votion" and maybe he will come back  and
 code something?

 
 Illusions (ex Warriors Of Darkness)
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
 At the Atari XL/XE demo-scene  they were known as "Triton" and made few little
 demos. In Autumn 1990 the main  coder suddenly bought the  520 ST + SF 314 and
 the group died. Few months later also the rest of the group bought the STs and 
 came back on the scene known as "Warriors Of Darkness". Members were:

 - Zero
 - Nemesis
 - RFR

 They started to create "Magnum" disk-zine. After the  first issue they changed 
 the group name  and now they were  known as  "Illusions". Unfortunately only 3 
 issues saw  the light  of the day. Some time later we could see the 1st slide-
 show on the polish ST scene called: "Ilussions slideshow". 

 They were  organizers of  the polish ST Copy party  called "ACC" (it was short 
 for Atari Cracow Conference). 
 

 QuaST (in polish it's a short of: Polish Club of Atari ST Owners) 
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
 The club was  founded in  1991 and had about 10 members. In the  year 1992 the
 1st issue of QuaST magazine  saw the light of day. A few  months later the 2nd
 and  the  3rd one. During  editing the  magazine the  club had  more and  more
 members. After the 3rd issue the club had about 85 members. It was the biggest
 ST forum in Poland. A few months later Mr. Dick (founder) announced that he is
 looking for his successor  because he was tired leading the club. Van Eijk got
 in touch  with him and  stood leader of QuaST. He made  up to  9 issues of the
 QuaST disk-magazine and organized the first successful edition of QuaST party.
 Later was  the 2nd one, 3rd one etc. which were better  and better attended by
 Atari owners. 

 Some time later Van Eijk bought a Falcon and revealed he was going to  release
 his  new disk-zine for the  Falcon called "Zlew". Unfortunately this mag never 
 saw the light of the day but could be the 1st polish magazine for  the Falcon. 


 Acid Team
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
 I don't remember  too many details about this crew  because it didn't exist on 
 the ST scene too long. The founder of the band was Acid Maker (very  famous ST 
 coder on polish ST scene) and made a nice intro and  demo for the  2nd edition
 of the QuaST party. Members were:

 - Acid Maker
 - Mr. Wrobel (probably left T.T.S.)

 Some time later  Acid Maker bought a Falcon and  everybody expected  some nice 
 releases from him. But suddenly he decided to move to the Macintosh scene :((( 
 On the SAO'94 (it was a short of Silesian Atari Open) he came with his Mac and 
 everybody wanted to see  anything on this machine.  He said he didn't get  any 
 demos yet but he can  show us a nice game. Okay! - we told. And guess what...? 
 He showed us the slow Arkanoid with square instead of ball  and everything  in 
 2 colours! Macintosh rulez! - we said and started to laugh. I didn't hear from 
 him for a long time now... 


 STek Magazine 
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ 
 Well, it wasn't  the name  of the group of course, but  the name of  the disk-
 magazine which was edited by the following guys:

 - Jao
 - Bca
 - Markiz
 - Paskud

 It was surely the BEST disk-zine  for ST  in Poland. It  contained a very nice 
 intro (overscan  and outstanding  module) and the same beautiful inside (mixed 
 resolutions, fantastic  graphics and module). Unfortunately there was just the
 1st and THE LAST issue due to the fact that Jao (coder) bought the PC.

 However Markiz bought a Falcon and attends every QuaST party :))

 
 Zokathra
 ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ
 Members were:

 - Yoyo
 - Axel

 Yep, it's THE SAME Yoyo responsible  for such cool  releases like his  IJAM'98 
 contribution (Reanimation) and the latest QuaST'98 (Sometimes...). Some of you 
 surely thought it was a new  polish coder :)). In the past he  made few little 
 intros with Axel and the "Millions of Dead Chips" multi-part demo. 

 Anyway he  is still here, bought  the powerful PC, but  he just  doesn't  care
 about this machine and still codes brainblasting things on the humble ST! 

 Except these demo-teams on the ST scene were some excellent independent coders
 like Kijop  and Softman. They made a few nice STe intros/demos  together  like
 "SWENTY COLA" demo (if I remember  right...). Some time later  Kijop  bought a
 Falcon and  was going to  release a logic game and  demo. Unfortunately  a few
 months later he got married and left the scene. 

 Also worth to  mention are other two  guys: Wachu and  Exon. Wachu  made a few
 intros on  the QuaST'94 for example  and won the  first place in  the ST intro 
 competition. His latest project was the great "Insomnia"  STe demo released at 
 the QuaST '96  and made  under the  "Luzak Team" label. Exon did as  the first
 coder of the polish Atari scene a nice full-screen zoom-rotator.  

       
 Okay, that's the end of "polish ST scene history". I surely missed a few guys,
 sorry for this. In the past I wasn't too much "involved" in the ST scene  as I
 am at  the moment and so I had to remind some  facts from other sources like a
 polish Atari newspaper called "ST Fan".
  
 Anyway you had  a chance to see  that the polish Atari scene isn't as young as
 you surely  thought. And I am sure you didn't saw even half of releases I have
 mentioned above. 

 And finally I had  the chance to break the latest myth about "the young polish 
 ST demo-scene"! It's about 8 (yes, EIGHT!!!) years old! It's the best evidence 
 that it's  possible to "reanimate" the demo-scene in  each countries. Just try
 to get in touch with each  other and work together! I am sure  there are still
 some great coders in Germany for example who would make some nice releases but
 you have to get in touch with them and offer your help! 

 Cheer up!

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  GREY / MYSTIC BYTES                                          UNDERCOVER XIII         
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
