-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        MY GIRLFRIEND AND HER CAR
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is an  interesting  incident. I had  been going  out with my girlfriend,
Sherry, for many months now, and we've been having sex practically nonstop.
One night we  were coming home from dinner, riding in Sherry's hot, deep blue
Camaro. I told  her that I  wanted to have sex with her in the car, which was
something  we had never done. She  was eager to have this new experience, and
when we got  to her house, she parked us in the garage, and we got out of the
car.
Sherry said  that she wanted to  shower. I would have  joined her, but as you
realize, the male of the species only has so many charges in his wand, and we
wanted to save  it for this new experience. Besides, we had sex in the shower
many times before.
Sherry  went into  the  house, while  I stayed  in  the  garage, removing  my
clothes. I'm  just glad it  was summer; the  garage was cool, but not cold or
boiling like outside.
I tossed my clothes on to the warm hood of the Camaro. Then I sat on it, idly
kicking the tire with the ball of my foot, and absently fondling my cock.
I ran my eyes  along the sleek  lines of the  car. My cock started to rise. I
found myself actually getting excited looking at a sports car!
I got up and walked around to the rear of the car. Then I looked down at it's
tailpipes, and  damned if my  cock didn't  jump. I mentally  looked  left and
right, then  shrugged my shoulders and said to myself, hell, here's something
I never tried.
I got down  on my knees, supporting  myself by  clutching  the car's  rear. I
slowly inched my  cock towards the rightmost tailpipe, 'walking' on my knees.
I could  feel some  heat from  the exhaust  pipe, gently  warming  my cock. I
slowly  pressed my whole  cock into the warm tailpipe up to the hilt! What an
odd feeling!
The  car's  tailpipe  was just  about  my size, a  little  smaller, so  I was
pressing against some  resistance. The  heat also felt wet, not dry at all. I
giggled  slightly  as the thought "She's hot and wet for it"; went through my
head.
I slowly  pulled out  until just  my head was in, then  I thrust back in. Not
bad. I could  get used to this. I  thrust in and out, and the Camaro built up
momentum and began to rock back and forth!
I modified my thrusts into the car so that when the Camaro was coming back, I
thrust  in to it's  tailpipe, giving it a little shove which sent it forwards
again, as I  pulled out. It was  as if the  car was thrusting  against me. It
really got me hot!
Back and  forth, back and  forth, the car  bucking against me, rocking on its
shocks. The  car began  to make little  creaking  noises, I'm  sure  you have
noticed  them when your car oscillates on its shocks. This only served to get
me hotter, since the creaking sounded like the car was moaning in time to our
thrusts!
Well, soon I was pushing into the car's tailpipe for all I was worth, moaning
as loud  as the car  was now. I  couldn't take  it any longer. I kept my cock
completely  in the  Camaro's  exhaust  pipe, and  thrust  slightly. My  balls
erupted, and white lightning poured out of my cock deep into the car.
Exhausted (so to speak), I  flopped down  onto the rear of the car, breathing
hard, my cock slowly softening in the tailpipe. I then looked up and found my
girlfriend watching me! I had no idea what to say. She probably figured that,
too, and said, "I hope I can please you better than my car can!"
It was all  right! Sherry was looking at me and her car, still joined, with a
sexy  look. The thought  of her  boyfriend  having sex  not with her, but her
sports car clearly got her hot. I pulled out.
My cock was covered in soot! The soot actually served as a lubricant.
"Uh...", I said, "I think  I'll  have  to  wash  my  cock. Fucking  your  car
apparently isn't very clean."
"Fine," Sherry said, "I'll wash it for you. And then you can tell me what sex
with my car was like."
Well, as  she did this, I told  her that sex  with the Camaro was pretty good
(though not as good as with her, of course!). I also said that I hoped that I
could fuck her car more in the future. She agreed.
What  followed  was  sex  IN  the  car, as  we  had  planned. Essentially she
straddled me in the seat, with the seat back down. The car jumped up and down
as we fucked.
"Don't come knockin' if my car's rockin'!" indeed!
I strongly  suggest to all males who read this, and females if they'd like to
try, to have  sex with their  cars. It's  quite strenuous, so try to get in a
comfortable position first. Put plenty of padding under your knees, since the
floor of a garage is quite hard. You really don't want to bruise yourself, or
make yourself  sore. Also watch  the edges of the tailpipe. If you are bigger
than your  car's tailpipe, I suggest you find some silicone rubber and make a
sort of form  that can fit  over your car's exhaust pipe. This way, the edges
won't dig into your cock.

Neither I nor any  BBS this is found on, nor anyone who uploaded this file to
a BBS is responsible for any injuries you may sustain in the course of having
sex with  your (or anyone else's) car. I expect you to determine for yourself
what would make your car fuck the most  pleasing and  uninjuring. Finally, be
aware that  when a male clenches  his cock, there is a thing on the underside
of the cock which bulges. If you do not protect yourself from the edge of the
exhaust pipe, you  may be cut or at least rubbed badly. So I suggest you take
to heart the silicone rubber. You can get it at any hardware store.

Above all, HAVE FUN WITH YOUR CAR!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------