-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   SISTER
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was  after midnight, my  parents were  sound asleep and I was watching the
late show  when Kathy, my seventeen year old sister, suddenly walked into the
den. To my  utter  surprise her  blond  haired, blue  eyed, 36"-22"-34" Teeny
Bopper body was decked out in a flimsy see-through nightie.
In the dim lighting I could easily see the outline of her voluptuous breasts.
They swayed  firmly from side to side without so much as a hint of a sag. Her
dark  auroras were the  size of silver dollars  and they were capped with one
inch protrusions as  fat as my thumb tips. As if the sight of her magnificent
nipples  weren't enough to awaken my unbrotherly interest, her hemline played
a forbidden game of peek-a-boo with the crotch of her panties.
Here too, she bulged with maturity and for the first time I could plainly see
just how  much of a woman  she had become. Her  golden haired pussy lips were
literally  consuming their intended  covering. The wanton sight of the fabric
disappearing  into her depths was enough to give me an instantaneous erection
of massive proportions.
"I couldn't  sleep so  I thought  I'd see what  you were  up to." Kathy spoke
boldly as  she walked up to the couch. Her eyes were on my tented shorts. The
wicked  grin on her  face told  me that she knew exactly what was up. My nine
inch erection!
"I was  watching TV." My  eyes moved  up and down the length of her body. She
was absolutely beautiful. "Now, I'm not so sure about what I'm seeing."
"What do you mean?"  Kathy put her hands on her hips. She was tasty. She knew
she looked delicious.
"Remember the last time I saw you naked?" I asked.
"Yeah, but I was only twelve."  She blushed.
"I know, and  you were the sexiest twelve year old girl a boy could ever hope
to look at." I reached down to adjust my erection.
"What does that have to do with anything?"
"Five years ago  you looked good enough to eat."  I reached for my zipper and
slowly lowered it exposing my massive erection. Her eyes widened  at the size
of my  hardon. I watched  her fidget with the crotch of her panties trying to
unwedge  them. "Tonight, you look good enough to eat....and fuck! It's been a
long time. When I saw you walk out here I was  wondering if I were  seeing my
most forbidden fantasy come true."
"Maybe...but it depends on two things."
"What?"  I began to stroke my erection with anticipation.
"First you have to promise not to tell a living soul."
"That  goes without  saying."  I leaned  forward to plant a kiss on her inner
thigh.
"Second, you have to do it with Alison first."
"WHAT?"  I gasped.
"Not so loud." My sister looked over her shoulder toward our parents bedroom.
"You want me to fuck Alison first!"  I repeated my thoughts out loud.
"Yes.  Do you mind?"  She bit her lower lip.
"I'd love  to fuck her. I mean that. She's  a hot bitch and I've been wanting
to fuck  her for a  long time. But, what  about us. I'm horny tonight. I want
you now!" I reached for her and pulled her into my arms.  She landed with her
steamy pussy wedged against my erection. Both of us sighed.
"Don't be so impatient."  Kathy giggled.
"I'm not waiting!" I reached for my sister's breasts and began to fondle them
through  her nightie. Her  nipples immediately responded by throbbing.  "It's
too  late to go  looking for  Alison at  this hour. Besides she might turn me
down."
"You're  so silly!" Kathy  pushed away from me. "I don't think she's going to
turn you  down! It was her  idea in the first place. She's outside waiting on
both of us."
"Are you serious?"  I stared unbelievingly.
Kathy  reached under  the seductively  short  nightie  and hooked  her thumbs
around  the waistband  of panties. With  a smile she pulled her panties down.
After they fell to the floor she stepped out of them and spoke.
"Follow me and I'll show you exactly how serious a horny girl can get!"
I picked up  her panties  from the floor and followed her out the front door.
While we  walked through the  neighborhood I held  the sweet fragrance of her
pussy  up to my nose.  Entering the  woods at the end of the street my sister
slowed down.  Even though it was pitch black she found her way expertly. When
the  thick trees gave  way to a little clearing I heard someone stir not more
than twenty feet away.
"Alison, it's us." Kathy spoke softly.
"Thank God!" I saw a  form move out into the opening in front of us. The moon
light was bright enough to illuminate Alison. "I was just about to give up on
you."
"Come closer." Kathy lowered  my shorts and began to stroke my erection. "You
will see it was worth the wait."
"Jesus he's hung!" Alison gasped. "I always knew you had a big one Richard...
...Can I touch it too?"
"Yes..." I moaned  with  pleasure  as I felt  a second  hand grip  my swollen
member.  "I can't believe this is happening."
"I'll spread the towels while you two get acquainted." Kathy moved away.
I reached from Alison's top and pulled it off.  Her breasts were smaller than
my  sister's, but  they were  perfectly  proportioned  and  shaped  like wine
glasses.  I pulled  on her  pencil  eraser  sized  nipples  until  they  were
throbbing  with excitement.  Next I unsnapped  her pants and let them fall to
the ground. My fingers traced down and into her opening and she let out a low
growling  moan. She was tight, but she was also wet and ready.  I quickly had
three fingers preparing her for what was to come. My cock oozed pre-come into
the  palm of  her hand  and she  spread it up  and down my shaft in a fucking
motion.
"Richard." My  sister broke  my spell. "Lay down  on your back and we'll show
you what two girls can do to a stud!"
Licking Alison's  sweet nectar from  my fingers I laid down on the towels and
waited. Kathy knelt  down over my crotch. She  rubbed her steamy pussy up and
down my nine incher until  I was bucking to get myself inside. To my surprise
she  teasingly  moved her  pussy  away and  lowered her  face to my crotch. I
sighed when I felt her tongue lash out to taste her own juices. She licked my
shaft all  over the she took my cockhead into her hot mouth.  I began to moan
in uncontrollable  pleasure. Alison  stiffed me by lowering her pussy down to
my  mouth. I was  suddenly in heaven. I  ate Alison's delicious pussy while I
got the blow job of my life. My sister obviously knew how to suck a cock.
Hell, her feverish mouth would occasionally take my entire length. This was a
first  for me. I wanted  to look  down to see  her tiny  double jointed mouth
impaled around my girth, but Alison began to moan that she was coming.  I dug
my  tongue up  into her  hole for  my gushing  reward.  She  tasted so good I
continued to eat her and she came twice more.
Finally  my cock  couldn't  take the  pleasure  any longer.  I gave my sister
warning. To my surprise she wanted my orgasm in the mouth. As I began to come
Alison  quickly moved to get her mouth near my cock.  Kathy swallowed several
shots of come then she passed my cockhead to Alison's waiting mouth. I moaned
and flooded  Alison's mouth. Kathy  took my cock back into her mouth finished
sucking my orgasm off until I was bone dry.
Kathy and Alison whispered something and giggled. Then to my utter disbelief,
Alison laid back while Kathy swung around to get  into a sixty-nine position.
I held my  breath knowing that a wild fantasy of watching two girls was about
to come true. Suddenly Alison's face came up and I saw her tongue dart out to
lick my sister's drenched pussy. Kathy let out a soft sigh of approval as her
face came  down to return the  favor. I saw Kathy's tongue slip into Alison's
waiting  snatch. Finally, I began  to breathe  again. Both  of them knew what
they  were  doing.  They  had  obviously  done  this  before, however, I  was
absolutely certain I was their first audience, and probably the last.
Needless to say, my spent cock erected instantaneously. Both Kathy and Alison
had several orgasms and it looked like they would never stop sixty nining.
I think they got so wrapped up in what they were doing that they forgot about
me. Finally  I broke their  spell by moving my erection between Kathy's mouth
and Alison's pussy. Kathy gave my cockhead a kiss then spoke.
"Give it to her! I want to watch like this...the view is perfect!"
I reached  down around  Alison's waist  and pulled her up into a better doggy
position. She  ground her  pussy against  my shaft in response. I felt a hand
guiding  my  cockhead. I  knew it  had to  be my sister. When I felt Alison's
opening yield  to my cockhead I leaned back for a better angle then I slid my
cock  in. She was  tight, very  tight, but  she was  also wet  enough to take
anything  humanly possible. With  a moan of  pleasure I fed her more and more
cock. Suddenly  I felt  a slight  popping  sensation  around  my  cockhead. A
heatwave  washed  over  my size  while some  kind of  inner suction literally
pulled  me in to the  hilt. I gasped  in surprised  pleasure.  Unless she was
fucking two-inch pencil dicks, Alison had been a virgin just seconds ago.
"OH GOD!" Alison moaned. "OH GOD...OH JESUS!"
"I'm sorry." I froze. "I didn't  know. I would have taken more time. I didn't
mean to hurt you."
"JESUS......FUCK ME!" Alison began to move against my impaled shaft.
"Huh?" I was confused. I never had a virgin before. "It doesn't hurt?"
"Hell no.....It feels  so damn good. I  never dreamed I could feel so full of
hot cock. Please, FUCK ME!"
I didn't  waste anymore  time. I began  to fuck Alison's  virginal pussy with
long slow thrusts that caused us both to moan loudly. Kathy, in the meantime,
was getting  the sight  of her young  life. I pushed Alison's face back to my
sister's pussy. She took the hint. While I fucked Alison I watched her tongue
work Kathy's  pussy over. I was  already fucking some of the best pussy of my
life, but  I already knew  there would be more just as soon as I finished. As
if she could read my mind, Kathy fueled my incestuous thoughts by licking and
sucking  my balls. When Alison came on my cock it was like an explosion.  Her
whole  body was racked  with violent  contractions that let her breathless. I
slipped my cock out of her hole and pulled my sister up to her knees.
We embraced  in a wet  kiss. Our tongues explored  every crevasse of our oral
cavities  while  our  hands  explored  everywhere. I  felt  like a  blind man
touching for the first time.  I explored her pussy with gentle strokes then I
traced my fingers up to where we could both lick and taste her flavor. With a
giggle  she fell  back pulling  me on  top of  her. As if  it was destined to
happen  my huge  cockhead landed  at her  entrance. Both  of us sighed when I
pushed my size into her velvety tunnel. I teased by fucking her with just the
tip of my cock. I popped in and out several times. Her depths beckoned unlike
any I had ever encountered, but I remained in control of the situation.
Finally I pushed in a little deeper. Finally, at the halfway point I felt the
wall  of  resistance. As  I suspected, my  sister was giving me her virginity
too!
"DO IT......FUCK ME!"  Kathy folded her legs back.
I leaned back and forced my knees under her thighs on either side of her ass.
The sight  of my enormous shaft sticking out of her opening was wanton to say
the least. Fighting the urge of just ramming myself in like we both wanted, I
reach down with a hand to rub her engorged clit.
"OH GOD....THAT'S NICE......THAT FEELS SO GOOD!" Kathy's whole body thrashed.
The pulsations were  centered around my erection.  "DON'T STOP......I'M GOING
TO COME!"
True to her word I felt my sister's pussy come to life all around my manhood.
The muscles  contracted and  twitched  wildly while  wave after wave of cream
gushed  out. I backed  out until  just my  cock head  was left inside.  Kathy
bucked  and gyrated  for more  cock while her  orgasm peaked.  Just as it was
beginning  to end I rammed  my shaft  into her with forceful anticipation.  I
felt myself bend as I struck her virgin barrier.  Just when I thought my cock
was about to snap in half she gave way.  I sank to the hilt with a moan.  Her
depths were searing hot.
"FUCK HER." Alison moaned. "Show  her how good  it feels to  get it by a stud
like you."
Neither Kathy or myself needed the encouragement.  We were both moving before
Alison  finished  speaking, however  the  reminder  that  she  was  there and
watching  made our pleasure that much better.  Fucking a sister for the first
time  is probably  the most  exciting thing  a guy can  do, but then doing it
while  another girl  cheers you on is a whole new world.  I fucked Kathy long
and slow. My  cock took  full thrusts in and out of her tight, wet hole. When
she  came I took  a few minutes  to eat  her orgasm. After  I licked her hole
clean I plunged my cock back into the hilt.
Soon I was  nearing my  orgasm so  I rolled  onto my back.  I pulled Alison's
snatch to my mouth while Kathy mounted me. I filled my sister's pussy while I
ate her bestfriend's pussy. I had the explosion of my life.  I didn't think I
had  stop coming. Shot  after shot of come pounded up into her forbidden hole
and I didn't  even care if she was on the pill or not. She obviously felt the
same  because rode  my cock until it shrank into a fully satisfied state. The
three of us laid there for almost an hour touching, fondling, and talking.
Finally we got to our feet and made our way back to our respective houses and
beds.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------