17

17 seconds of compassion
17 seconds of peace
17 seconds to remember love is the engergy behind which all is created
17 seconds to remember all that is good
17 seconds to forget all your hurt and pain
17 seconds of faith
17 seconds to trust you again
17 seconds of radiance
17 seconds to send a prayer up
17 seconds is all you really need

                                     written by Billy Corgan / Smashing Pumpkins
                                                    taken from the album "Adore"
                                        published by Virgin Records America 1998

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          ñ"ADORE"ð by óSMASHING PUMPKINS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

He! After their overkiller double album ñ"MELLON COLLIE AND THE INFINITE SADNESS"
which was filled  with tons of hard rocking stomping songs and a lot of slow and
nice ballads the next volume comes up and opens a new chapter!
With ñ"Adore"ð their  sound changes  a lot! The time of  their hard  crossover and
metal influenced  jumping-around-songs seems to be over. Some people called this
new album  the darkest  album of the band ever. Ok... not  only the  booklet, in
former times with strange pictures filled and  colourful, gives this impression.
All is dark, black, the photo's are strange  styled and  the members  seems much
more thoughtful. All gives a very melancholic touch to the whole thing...
As you maybe  know they kicked their drummer and now they're  using only a drum-
computer. The first  point: a drum machine  makes what YOU want, without  asking
why and if it would be possible to do it in another way.
The second point: the "new" sound of the Smashing Pumpkins  wouldn't be possible
with a human drummer... at least it seems so from time to time.
But hell, what I'm writing here?!
At first  the tracklist... and it's  again a long tracklist, they filled  up the
whole CD with more than 7o minutes.

o1. To Sheila
o2. Ava Adore
o3. Perfect
o4. Daphne Descends
o5. Once Upon A Time
o6. Tear
o7. Crestfallen
o8. Apples + Oranjes
o9. Pug
1o. The Tale Of Dusty And Pistol Pete
11. Annie-Dog
12. Shame
13. Behold! The Night Mare
14. For Martha
15. Blank Page
16. 17

Ofcourse I have to tell you my views to all the songs...

To Sheila ... is a  very slow  guitar song, mainly  living  from  Billy Corgan's
  voice and a slow played guitar in the background. Later some drums  comming up
  too, but they're laying hard in  the back... It's just a song to lean back and
  dream or think about something.
Ava Adore ... The KILLERSONG! The first  sign of the new Pumpkins sound, already
  presented on  all the music tv channels with a strange video (as always by the
  band) were  Billy is jumping around as Nosferatu-ripp-off. The song  is one of
  the hardest on this album, danceable, metal guitars, strange  synth noises and
  rhytmic drums, going straight forward.
Perfect ... is another  guitar-pop-song, a happy (wow!) melodie... nothing  very
  special. But it also leaves no big impression in my mind.
Daphne Descends ... GREAT! I liked this song even with  the first  noises coming
  out of my  speaker! Billy breathes the  lyrics into the  microphone with  this
  uncomparable  passion he  interpretes all Pumpkins songs. The song  features a
  very nice rythm set, metal  guitars as well and one of those  unforgetable and
  typical Pumpkins  melody. It's just hard to describe. This song leaves such an
  impression, a split between sadness, melancholy but also devotion as their old
  song "Disarm".
Once Upon A Time ... another little guitar song where you don't know if the song
  is funny or  sad because the athmosphere changes every minute. But for  me not
  the best on this album, much more mediocre, sorry.
Tear ... This song features also more rock elements without being hard. But it's
  not so impressive as some other songs. Again one of this parts you will surely
  forget within a short time.
Crestfallen ... is again a ballad to the melancholy. Slow, some drumset and also
  guitars surrounding Billie's thoughful interpretationion.
Apples + Oranjes ... A fast song, based on stomping drums and a  nice melody you
  also can see from different sides and a song you can feel in different ways if
  you are in different emotions. Also this song features again  strange synthie-
  noises and even a violine comes up from time to time.
Pug ... again metal guitars and strange distorted drums and a lot of other noise
  is around when Billy is singing along, changes the style again and again, hard
  and soft, up and  down. This is, except  Billies voice, a very  untypical song
  for the Smashing Pumpkins at least in the way we knew them so far and it seems
  to be  the most aggressive song  on "Adore" too. Maybe  this  impression comes
  from the  cruel and hard diggestible noises at the  end? Don't know, I like'em
  anyway!
The Tale Of Dusty And Pistol Pete ... another slow guitar song, thought to relax
  and sit just there, letting all the daily stuff on the side.
Annie-Dog ... aaaarg! I know about the sometimes  strange songs, but this one is
  so fucking ugly. Piano stuff and a Billy who seems to be drunken, as the whole
  band too, just singing without a real melody or even real coordination... ugh!
Shame ... another song, starting slow and going faster and faster with the time,
  again you don't know if the singer is depressed or angry.
Behold! The Night Mare ... another song, accompanied with strange  sounds, but a
  slow one again. It seems as the album is running out of power, eh? Anyway with
  the time you're  going more and more tired... But hey... short  before the end
  of this song a strange metal guitar breaks the silence and awakes the listener
  very rude! Also Billy is more shouting as singing... strange.
For Martha ... starts up with a piano... piano... and much  more piano... it's a
  complete piano song! Slow again, very slow, nearly  too slow. Reminds  me with
  the later starting drums and guitars to  old rock ballads, but still has again
  the typical  Pumpkins touch, even if this breaks through  just for a  very few
  seconds from time to time.
Blank Page ... hey wot?! Another  piano song! But also  the first part  leaves a
  very melancholic  impression. Billy is singing very high and this song spreads
  pure  sadness... but  it's a real nice song, esp. as later also strange synth-
  sounds coming up... "...I catch the rainfall..." I JUST LOVE IT! It's so great
  and esp. as some synthie sounds coming up later! It's just a song where you'll
  sit just there, trying to hold back  the tears... oh my  god! Maybe it  is the
  most emotional song of the Smashing Pumpkins ever... some passages even remind
  me to some very old Queen-Songs from the 70ies.
17 ... A very short thing... dunno

Hummm... for the friends of the punk-a-like Pumpkins about 5 years ago it's very
hard digestible, at least I think so. They lost a lot of their former, sometimes
very obvious hardness and got a very thoughtful atitude.
This album features really some great songs, matching in the line  of songs like
"1979", "Disarm", "Soma" or "Tonight, Tonight"... not in the style at all but in
the way  they're hanging  in your ears. You have  heard them  one time  and will
never forget them again.
But there is  also a bad point. I like slow  songs too, but on this  album there
are really too much of them! As I heard the whole thing for the first time I had
to fight against the sleep! It was sooo boring at the end... after a  second and
third try the whole situation was a bit  better but there is still sometimes the
hope that the album will end very fast...
Anyway, with  this hard change the Smashing Pumpkins  showed the world that they
are really going their own way, and if someone don't matches to  their puzzle he
has to go (like their drummer). But the problem is also by this band (as on many
other bands too, just like The Cure (Rob Smith says HE is The Cure...) that more
and more Billy Corgan stands in the foreground and the other two are drifting in
the background. I know  D'Arcy isn't ex-changeable  but still it ins't  too good
when the rise of a band is more concentrated on the charisma of one member, just
like Billy. Maybe I'm wrong, maybe I'm right.
Anyway, the change  to the "arcane night music" as Billy Corgan used  to say for
this new  album, was a good one... The Pumpkins left the "alternative rock" area
completely, because the new album is just NO rock anymore. For all fans  of very
guitar based music, accompanied with piano and modern or strange synth/drumstuff
should meet their next record dealer to check this album! It's really  worth all
the hype (yes... it was  standing many weeks in the top ten of the german album-
charts... with right!).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ó.disarm you with a smile.                             òmoondogð .ó poets of decay
---------------------------------------------------------------------29-o9-1998-