-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                TRUE STORY
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Running your own business has  it's rewards. It's  also a very  demanding and
time consuming endeavour. I've been running a computer consulting company for
just over  6 months, and, after  months of 16-18 hour work days, have finally
turned the corner and began turning a meager profit.
In the beginning, my wife felt neglected and was upset at the lack of quality
time  spent together. Eventually  she got  used to the  long hours and seemed
almost  thankful of her  newfound freedom. We  fell into a routine, and spent
whatever time  we could together. She also seemed more and more supportive of
our business.

My wife  is a very well  proportioned 130 lbs. packed  onto a 5'4" frame that
measures 34B-25-36. She shows  off her  Hawaiian-bred exotic beauty with deep
brown  skin, long black  curly hair, big brown  eyes, and full lips that just
say they can  suck chrome off of a trailer hitch. Although she is very shy in
public, she is also very horny all the time (which is why the long hours have
been difficult  for her), and  a very nasty  little whore in  the bedroom who
loves to have me pull out and cum all over her pretty face whenever we fuck.
Well, I was  very excited that  my business  was finally going  to be able to
support me and  my wife that I thought I'd close down early, go home and take
her out  on a much deserved  celebration dinner. After  all, it was a Friday,
and we had  a lot to celebrate. I was  looking forward to treating my special
lady to a wonderful  dinner, and then "cumming" home to devour each other for
dessert, so I called  her that afternoon to tell her about my planned evening
for us.
I was a pleasantly surprised at her reacting very concerned that the business
could "afford" me  the time to  leave early. I  smiled  to myself  that I was
indeed blessed  with this woman, and reassured her that if all went well, I'd
be home in a few hours, and to wear her short, black dress that shows off her
charms very well. Of  course, about 2 hours  later, something came up with my
biggest customer that  needed immediate  attention. I called my wife to break
the bad  news. She wasn't  very surprised  and was  quite  understanding  and
supportive. Before  hanging up, I  told her  how lucky  I was to have such an
understanding  wife and that  I would make it  up to her. Well, lady luck was
smiling  on me  that day. I turned  out that the  problem wasn't as bad as it
originally seemed, and that I was only half an hour off schedule. I thought I
had surprise  my hot wife by  rushing home to ravage her and then maybe get a
late snack or something.

I arrived home  to find a couple  of cars in my driveway, and 3 more in front
of my house. I had  to park across the street, and thought that it was odd to
see all  those cars  there. As I  got closer, I  could make out  the sound of
music and cheering, and quickened my pace to find out what was going on.
I went  into my home  and could  tell there  was some  sort of "party" in the
family room  in the  back of the  house. I turned the corner and there was my
wife. She  was in the  middle of the  floor, putting on a stripshow for 9 men
whom I've never seen before!
At first  I was shocked, but  seeing my wife  moving seductively, swaying and
gyrating her  hips as she  ran her hands all over herself quickly had me very
aroused. Amidst  my confusion, it took a  second to realize that all the guys
had their  cocks out, stroking themselves while egging her on. I got there in
time  to see  her unstrap  the same  black minidress  I told her to wear, and
slide it  down to the floor. Everybody gasped in unison as she took her dress
off to reveal some sheer black thigh highs and a white lacy thong.
She stepped out  of the dress, stood with her feet about 3 feet apart, arched
her back, bent  down and  ran her  fingers from  her ass  to her  clit as she
swayed to  the music. The  guys erupted  in a lusty cheer. The way she bucked
and writhed at her own touch, and the wetness that was flowing down her inner
thighs told me she was about to cum.
I was surprised when I heard a few of the guys knew this too and started high
fiving each other, saying  that this hot slut was gonna cum. It was then that
I realized  I had my pants down  and was  stroking my  own cock to its full 8
inches. I also realized that she had no idea that I was in the crowd.
I always thought I had a large cock, but looking around the room, most of the
guys  were at  least  my equal. Three  of the  four  black guys  made me feel
downright  inadequate. Two  had what I guessed to be at least 10 thick inches
of  manpipe, and  the last  guy had  what had  to be  the end  all/be  all of
manhood. He sat in my easy chair, stroking a monster cock that stood straight
up at  least 14  inches high. It looked about 3 inches in diameter. The guy's
balls looked  like a couple of small oranges. He even made the other two look
pitifully hung.

I noticed  that my wife  had centered most  of her gyrations and looks at Mr.
Monstercock. Soon  she was  on her back, legs  spread wide into a hot "V", as
she  pulled her  thong up her  snatch, exposing her hot, dripping pussy. Then
she arched  her back  and started  convulsing  and undulating  wildly  on the
floor. I knew  she was  about to  explode. Then  Mr. 14inch said "Cum for us,
slut! If you want all these cocks, cum now!".
With that, she  leaned her head back, her face contorted, and her lips parted
slightly  and  she  started  screaming  "Ohhhh...Y-YYESSSS...I'MMM CUMMMMMING
I'MMMMMCUMMMMMIIINNNNGG!!!".
She exploded  like I'd never  seen before. She pulled her panties up into her
pussy  so far, that  the crotch  completely  disappeared, exposing  her  hot,
freshly shaved pussy! The room was quiet except for her whimpers of pleasure.
After her  mind-blowing orgasm  subsided, she lifted her head and said "Well,
when  are you studs gonna  fuck my brains out?". With that, the guys moved in
like a  pack of  starving hyenas. Instantly, rock  hard  cocks  begging to be
relieved surrounded her.

I noticed  my camcorder  was left abandoned on a tripod. I decided to take it
off the  tripod and get a  better angle. I stood  on the arm of the sofa, and
there was my wife, on her knees, her mouth and face surrounded by hard cocks.
Her mouth was  stuffed with  two cocks, cocks rubbing both sides of her face,
and one in  each hand. She was greedily sucking, licking, and pulling for all
she was worth. She was about to get fucked by over 90 inches of cock, and she
was consumed by a lust that I've never seen before.

One of the  guys got under  her and started  to feverishly  lick her dripping
snatch. As soon  as he slid his tongue into her slit, she started bucking and
writhing  on his  face. When  his tongue  licked  circles  on  her  clit, she
exploded. She  shook for what must have been a 3 minute orgasm. The guys then
started to  straddle her face one at a time, and I swear my jaw hit the floor
when my  wife started rimming  each one of them. She licked and tongue-fucked
everyone's  asshole. This was something  she never  did for me! Then the guys
picked  her up and moved  her to the sofa. Mr. 14 got under her and aimed the
peach sized  head of his cock  up at my wife's hungry hole. She straddled him
and rested her hot, wet gash on the tip of this massive manroot.
Slowly, tantalizingly, her  sweet pussy  stared  swallowing  the  hard, veiny
beast. After  taking another  inch, she  slid her  pussy  back  up his  pole,
leaving a wet and shiny trail of her love juices flowing down to his balls.
As she reached  the tip, she started sliding her self down that massive flesh
pole again. The rest of the guys were mesmerized and salivating, the room was
quiet and  they watched my wanton slut of a wife take this thermos-sized cock
into her hot little body. When there was only a couple of inches left, Mr. 14
grabbed  her ass cheeks  and thrust upwards  to meet her downstroke, slamming
the rest of  his cock inside her. She gasped and let out a shriek of pleasure
as she  felt his balls  slap up at  her asshole. Mr. 14 spread her ass cheeks
out as he  started to piston his  cock in and out of my wife's hot pussy. She
met him stroke for stroke. She kept yelling,"OH GOD..I'M CUMMING!I'MCUMMING!"
everytime she slid down his shaft.
Her eyes were rolled  back and she  rode him like a champion thoroughbred. As
she worked her  ass up and down, she sucked and licked Mr. 14's nipples. That
was  when he  suggested, "Looks like  this slut  needs to suck on something..
someone feed her some cock!". That's when she pleaded,"Oh YES!! Somebody FUCK
my mouth..PLEASE!!". The  guys stumbled  over each other to get a sampling of
her  oral talents. Two  guys stood  in front  of her  mouth  and  she started
sucking away, jerking one while sucking the other before switching it around.
Then taking both cockheads in her mouth at the same time.

I worked the  camera down just in time to see Mr. 14 shove 4 fingers into her
little  asshole. I guess  she liked  her ass being probed because she started
moaning even  louder. I've tried numerous times before to penetrate her tight
browneye, but it was just too uncomfortable for her.
Therefore, I was  shocked when she turned to one of the 10 inch guys and told
him that  she needed his thick cock up her ass! That was all the arm-twisting
he needed. First he replaced Mr. 14's fingers with his own.
He then generously  lubed my wife's backdoor, and before long had his fingers
flying  freely in and out of her ass. He pulled his fingers out and aimed his
cock at my  wife's slick anal fuck hole. She stopped her cockride momentarily
so that  the other cock could fill  her tight ass. She gasped, "Oh Todd!", as
her little asshole stretched obscenely to accommodate his thick cock.
I was awed  as I watched  this "Todd" lay his  manpipe into my wife's opening
that I had never  had the pleasure of fucking before. When he got his cock in
to the hilt, Todd and Mr. 14 started  to fuck her crazy. Todd put his fingers
that he  used to lube  my wife's ass into her mouth, and she greedily proceed
to clean them off. The guys started cheering Todd and Mr. 14 on.
They were  also whistling  and egging  my wife on, telling her to "Take those
cocks, baby!" or "You're  a hot nasty  slut, aren't  you!?" or "You love hard
cocks, don't you baby?!".
Todd  and Mr. 14  were just  fucking her  silly. She  was  screaming  like an
animal. I  think she  came with  every stroke  of their  massive cocks. I was
confused  when Mr. 14 smiled up at Todd and said, "She's almost there, buddy!
Fuck her harder! Let's get her in the zone!".
I was wondering  what the hell they meant when I heard him say,"Oh yeah baby!
There she is!". I'll never forget that look of wanton lust til the day I die.
Her face contorted into an erotic "scowl". She started to  grunt and growl as
her body  started to go  into some kind  of orgasmic convulsions, and she had
orgasm  after orgasm. Todd yelled out, "She's there, boys! Right on time! I'm
ready to blow my load all over her pretty face!"
My wife moaned even more when she heard that. Mr. 14 said, "I think this slut
is hungry! Tell  me when you're ready, let's coat this cock junkie's face and
mouth  in cum!" With  that my  hot little  slut/wife moaned  out approval and
needing some cum down her throat. The guys didn't need anymore encouragement.
The both  pulled out of her freshly fucked holes and went to her face and put
their  ready-to-burst  cocks in  her hands. Her  pussy and  asshole were both
dripping and gaping wide open when they were so rudely emptied.
Chuck, the other 10 inch black guy, quickly got under her to fill the void in
her snatch, while one of the other guys, about 8 inches and at least as thick
as Mr. 14, started re-violating her poor little asshole.

She was  screaming  with ecstacy  as she  grabbed  Todd and  Mr. 14 by  their
massive rods  and her  hands started  flying  in a blur  of a jerking motion.
After a few moments, both studs started telling her to open her nasty mouth..
they were  gonna pump some hot cum down her throat. Then, the guys tensed up,
aimed  their cocks at  her open mouth  and erupted. They shot spurt after hot
spurt of  cum at her mouth  and face. Gobs and gobs of ball-butter splattered
on her lips, teeth, nose, and into her hair.
She tried valiantly  to catch everything with her tongue and not wast a drop,
but there  was just too  much cum flying  at her hungry mouth. The completely
covered her lips and mouth. Cum was hanging and dripping of her chin and onto
her tits. It seemed like they were spurting forever.
She used  her hands  and mouth  to coax  every last  drop of cum out of there
balls. She  rubbed their  huge cockheads  all over her  face, working the hot
sticky cum into  a lather. As soon  as she  finished draining them, the other
two guys  who were fucking her quickly took there places in front of her cum-
receptacle  mouth. Just as quickly, two  new studs took there turn filling my
wife's now vacant vaginal and anal fuck holes.

The pattern continued on for the rest of the guys. Dive in and fuck this slut
silly, pull  out and cream  in her  face while  two other hard cocks fill her
pussy and ass! After  the 5th and 6th  guys pulled out and got in position to
unload there  cum-engorged  balls, one of  the black guys took over for me on
the camera  and told me  to "go get some of this sweet slut". Just as studs 7
and  8  pulled out  to  recoat  her mouth, I  slid under  her and  buried  my
throbbing  cock in her used  pussy! Her  hot snatch  was so wet and stretched
from the previous fuckings that I slid in without any problems. The last stud
mounted her from behind  and we started  pumping her  in rythm. When  my wife
finally looked down and realized it was me, she gasped,"OH SHIT!" and started
convulsing into another mind-shattering orgasm. With her moaning and cumming,
it didn't  take us  long before  we were in  front of her face with her hands
stroking  our man-bisque  out from our  balls. Stud #9  shot first. He shot 5
powerful spurts  of hot cum  all  over  her face. I  followed  with the  most
intense  cumshot of  my life. I guess  being her  husband has it's priveleges
because as soon as she felt my shaft tense up, she dropped the other cock and
massaged my balls with her free hand. This added to my intense pleasure and I
unloaded what  seemed like a gallon  of cum into my slut's mouth and all over
her face! My load  easily surpassed any  of the 3 other studs combined. Spurt
after spine-tingling spurt erupted all over her already cumsoaked face. After
my avalanche  of cum, my little slut licked my balls and licked and sucked my
shaft  clean. The  other guys  gathered round  so that their  cocks could get
tongue washed as well.

As the guys  got cleaned off, they started dressing and leaving. Pretty soon,
all that was  left was my  newly discovered  slut, Mr. 14, and myself. Mr. 14
sat on the sofa undressed and tossed my wife a towel.
After  wiping all  the cum off, she  knelt between  his legs and proceeded to
suck his cock and balls. The monstercock started twitching and soon came back
to its massive  hard form. I put the  camera back on the tripod and sat in my
recliner to  wee what was going to happen next. My wife looked over at me and
winked while  sucking on that  huge black pole. When it was all shiny and wet
from her  sucking, she  turned  around, put  her shoulders  on the  floor and
pointed her  hot round ass at  our big cocked guest. He aimed his missle down
at her  just reamed  pussy and  plunged it  in. She let  out a  scream at the
sudden  filling of her  hot pussy. After  a few more  strokes, my  nasty wife
started  rocking back and  forth on  his thick  black  pole. She said she was
cumming over  and over  again. Then, he shoved 4 fingers up her ass. This was
more than my wife could take.
After screaming  and cumming 2 more  times, she begged him to fuck her up the
ass with  that glorious  cock. Mr. 14 kept  pounding her pussy til she neared
tears begging  to have her ass  stretched. Then he pulled out and put the tip
of his cock on my wife's quivering rectal opening. Slowly, he started sliding
his  thick, veiny  beast into  her ass. Her  mouth gaped  frozen in  a silent
scream  as he inched  his huge  cock into  her tiny  asshole. When  he got it
halfway  in, my little slut  started to wriggle her ass backwards to help him
bury it up her hot, tight ass. Then, he popped it all the way in as they both
grunted with pleasure. Soon  he was pumping in and out of her ass like he did
her  pussy. My  wife's eyes  rolled back  and stayed  there as she bucked and
screamed  like a  trapped animal. It wasn't  long before the tightness of her
ass, coupled  with the primal  grunts coming from my wife that Mr. 14 said he
was ready to cum.
Then, he pulled  out and shot a thick load of jiz all over and down my wife's
obscenely stretched  asshole. His spunk  overflowed and dripped down and into
her pussy. He used his cockhead to rub his juice into my wife's ass, and kept
popping the  massive head in  and out of her  reamed asshole. Without a word,
she  turned around  and  proceeded to  give his cock  a thorough tongue bath-
cleaning  her own  cunt and ass juices, along with every drop of cum from his
cock.

Mr. 14 got up and got dressed without saying a word. My wife crawled over and
wrapped her lips  around my hard-again cock. As he reached the door to leave,
he turned and told her, "We'll see you again next Friday, Baby!". As the door
shut, I exploded down my wife's throat...

I have since hired a manager, and every friday, I make it a point to cum home
early and start my weekend off with a bang- gangbang that is!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------