                               -TOTES FLEISCH-

          Eine weitere entsetzliche Prophezeiung sollte sich erfÅllen
                   Der Wind des Todes wird Åber die Erde fegen
            Die Kontinente werden in einem Ozean von Blut versinken
            
                        Zerfetzte Kîrper liegen am Boden
                       Blut ist Åberall wohin du schaust
                          Menschen sterben jeden Tag
                              Du kannst es sehn
                              Du siehst den Tod
                   Tausend bleiche SchÑdel starren dich an
                         KnochenhÑnde greifen nach dir
               Das Feuer der Zerstîrung brennt in deinen Augen
                Die Sichel des Todes schneidet in dein Fleisch
                   
                               Totes Fleisch
                               Totes Fleisch
                            Alles was du siehst
                               Totes Fleisch
                            Alles was du riechst
                               Totes Fleisch
                            Alles was du fÅhlst
                               Totes Fleisch
                             Alles was du bist
                               Totes Fleisch
                   
               Der Geruch der Verwesung dringt in dein Gehirn
                        Du kannst es nicht ertragen
                        Du kannst es nicht verstehn
                    Dein Kîrper beginnt sich aufzulîsen
                          Dein Fleisch verdorrt
                          Dein Fleisch verwest
                   Nun liegst du am Boden, kalt wie Stein
               Zwischen lauter toten Kîrpern, in all dem Blut
                 Jetzt bist du ein weiteres Opfer des Todes
                        Du bist nichts mehr wert
                            Nur totes Fleisch
                   
                               Totes Fleisch
                            Alles was du siehst 
                               Totes Fleisch
                            Alles was du riechst
                               Totes Fleisch
                            Alles was du fÅhlst
                               Totes Fleisch
                             Alles was du bist  
                               Totes Fleisch
                        Du bist nur totes Fleisch

                                                         song by Terminal Choice
                                       featured on the CD single "Totes Fleisch"
                                                   published 1995 by Out Of Line

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    WHOLE LIFE IS WAR - WHOLE LIFE IS PAIN
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Good morning...

I'm writing this  article because I CAN separate a review from  a slagging text,
instead of another so called editor, named MR PINK.
I don't want  to  include my strike back against  his massive fucks in my review
of the latest "MAGGIE" because it's unfair and some  other more  moderate people
are standing behind this mag too.

I know, surely all got the latest issue of "MAGGIE" with the  very massive fucks
to the UCM (or should I say with  MR PINKs fucks?). Perhaps some  people want to
see a strike  back in the  same way now  and will be  surely  disappointed by my
decision to write a review in the matter-of-fact instead a rude destruction...
I'm really not in the  mood to try to imitate MR PINKs childish style in fucking
us up and I don't  want to sink  as deep as he did... So I'm writing  a separate
article  just to force the competition, hehe... Furthermore  I will not waste my
time in writing hundreds of kilobytes senseless shit as he did it... so here are
short my comments, to justify myself, the UCM and to clear up some things...

- You  don't like  the style  of my  menu grafix and  you're  telling  me that I
  don't have skills in doing grafix. Ermm... do  you know how I felt after I red
  this with  this FUCKING UGLY PICTURE in the  background of  Maggie?! I laughed
  about it! Maybe you don't checked it up, I was a grafician in former times but
  didn't much stuff in the last 2 or even 3 years. I don't have the time and the
  motivation to paint on fullsize pics at the moment (my last one is 4 years old
  I think, and wasn't released so far... it's just laying on the HD of my Fo3o).
  But I know how hard it is to know what  grafix are, esp. for a Programmer, and
  much more especially  for a RG coder! For a coder of  a band who has  a member
  like Ripley... who used to be a grafician and  is just a shame  for the guilde
  of graficians at all!

- I KNOW about  my limits in the  english language... but PINK! Try to write all
  your stuff  in german! I would  be pleased  to read this! Don't you think it's
  easier  to write down many stuff in the  mother tongue?! Another  bad point is
  that there is a  lot of craptalk included, without  real information  and some
  english sayings no one will understand on our side of the English Channel, you
  should have to mention too.
  
- News  and  stuff... just read the word "rumours" and  I  think you  as english
  speaking person should understand  the meaning of this  word. But don't forget
  to check your own news too... "OBNOWINIO" by Confusions... aargh!

- And about all the groups we mention in our news. If you don't know  several of
  the mentioned  bands it's  not our  fault. Just for  example: Climatics were a
  band from Switzerland and cracked several games on ST and Falcon (the last one
  was Platonix I think). Bandit (the  mentioned member in  the news) was running
  one of the most  important elite boards for Atari for many  years and his name
  is  well  known in  the business. But perhaps  it's not  easy to  get  all the
  informations  behind the English Channel... We know  that the clock's going in
  another way on your island (really, eh?!).
  But just think... those fake bands, just like Denim, Cracart or  Lemmings just
  never  reached a big success... and on your island they're wellknown?! Harhar,
  maybe because they're YOUR bands they are known to YOU?!
   
- You don't like our reviews, telling us that  we're unfair  and our reviews are
  sometimes a  bit strange (just like BABELFISCH by .tSCc.). Just to explain you
  why I decided to give the intro a  lot points for the originality even if it's
  something like a conversion of the intro screen of the SONO demo by AVENA...
  Maybe you  didn't checked  up that it is an intro for ST!! And on  the ST this
  very kewl effect IS original, because it's the first time released on ST! This
  stands for all the other demos too... if  something was  released at the first
  time it  will get  a lot of points more... Btw... some  reviews in  MAGGIE are
  strange too... Don't tell me something about things you CAN'T do much better..
  I'm writing long enough articles to know what I have to do...

- And more, we don't need to  fake our charts, hehe... and I don't mean that you
  edited the charts in the way  you need them, but when I read on a vote for the
  UCM CHARTS, given by a wellknown  RG member, about 15 times the band RESERVOIR
  GODS or RG productions, if this stands for your charts I really understand the
  strange ratings in your charts!
  Maybe you'll laugh, because we don't rule our charts this time! But we're very
  close to you this time again... and your promised big arrear isn't in sight!
  And to tell that we had lost our last charts if  more people would  have voted
  is shit too... Now there have MUCH more people voted, also more as in the last
  Maggie... and as you can see the distance between Maggie and the UCM is small,
  fucking small!
  I think it's time for you to accept that with the UCM a REAL competitor is now
  appeared on the screen. Ok.. MAGGIE was founded by the gods of ST demo coding,
  it is the longest going magazine in the scene and it is some kind of cult, but
  this doesn't save MAGGIE for being on the second place! At the moment it isn't
  but it seems as our last charts have damaged your belief in MAGGIE.
  It is time for you to accept that MAGGIE don't stands for 1ST PLACE! It is for
  sure a nice magazine again, I never thought that it  will come back  after the
  quit of the Delta Force back in 1992 and the issues up to volume 20 or so were
  just a  shadow of the  old MAGGIE style. But  it still has it LOWS TOO! But it
  seems as you don't like it if we tip with our fingers on your wounds!
  But I have to stop here, maybe you can't imagine what I'm trying to write down
  here, to explain you some things other people will understand much faster...
  And last but not least, you don't like it to see us ruling our own charts...
  hum and you don't lose  a single word about the fact that MAGGIE is ruling his
  own charts? There is something  wrong here! Maybe some  others  should do  the
  charts, but there isn't anyone out there...

- You're laughing about me and my poblems with our linking-system.. but it seems
  as you always forget that I have  just an one MB STFM! This  small utility was
  coded for Falcon and on this  machine, with  HD ofcourse  it needs  just a few
  seconds for linking  all the stuff together too. Maybe you're able to remember
  my problems with my Falcon, maybe not. But it seems as you're using all things
  to kick me.. at the moment I have just an one MB machine and I'm still working
  with this machine for the scene. Maybe others had stopped  their work, but I'm
  going on and for this you're kicking me?! FUCK YOU! Maybe a 1 MB Atarian isn't
  anything worth for  you... and  this seems to be  the problem with the fucking
  careless putting together of  the ST version of MAGGIE... Even if the RES GODS
  have  a chip musician you don't see a need for including just one sound of him
  to the ST version. THIS IS LAME!

- And don't speak about the  quality of the shells... maybe you have a very nice
  Falcon shell... the  ST users suffering under a careless designed and released
  shell, meanwhile  we have ORIGINAL chip sounds! We are trying to make the best
  with the limited sources  of the ST, we reporting  all things going  on in the
  scene on Falcon and  ST too, and  not only  the things which are from interest
  for ourselves, we still review all ST stuff we can get our hands on, short, we
  don't  let the ST die, but you're  standing besides the grave  with a spade in
  your  hand. ON ST WE'LL BEAT MAGGIE EVERYTIME  AND EVERYWHERE! And  so it's no
  question that we ruled our last charts... Maybe more  ST users voting for us?!
  That we lost this time could be the reaction on my negative writing style. But
  hey! I'm  no one of  those liars who is sitting  there with a dull  grin in my
  face if I'm feeling uncomfortable. At  least I'm honest  enough to not hide my
  personal feelings...

- Ok, nothing more  to say here. Just one point... You wrote that not anyone can
  write articles for a magazine, it's a thing you need a lot of skills for...
  YOU ARE SO FUCKING RIGHT! Just go and take a look into the next mirror!

MR PINK... I'm disappointed  from you. You telling  me that  I  don't understand
jokes but the same  for you too. I don't know why  you're  going mad like in the
latest "MAGGIE". You telling  me that I'm  one  of the  murders of the scene but
you're doing the same because of your slaggs and  fucks some  other guys perhaps
would have stopped their work. But you're so wrong  if you think that we will go
and give up. Now our competition got a new quality, be sure!

And last but not least... I have to greet also  Mr Giveaway of Cracart who maybe
has given his brain away! Don't you think it's cruel to use a  load of nicknames
just to pretend that there is a sooo big scene?! I'm very interested to know who
the fuck Funboy 2 of Cracart is...
Erm... is Cracart the latest split image (shizo, eh?!) of the Res Gods?!

----------------------------------------------------- moondog - poets of decay -