--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{*f1WORLD NEWS{*f0
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here comes a bunch of news snippets from other systems, computers and videogames
systems too! Just for your information and without the claim to be complete...


ó...ACER...

They have reduced the prices for their  LC displays too. The F51 (15") will cost
now 1999 DM and the F31 (13,3") will cost 1749 DM  now and  so they  reached the
price range of normal highend monitors.

Furthermore they have updated their Vivid monitor  series with the  AcerView 57c
(15" - 4o9 DM) and  AcerView 77c/78c (17" up to 675 DM). Those  monitors  have a
new On-Screen-Display control, a massive power management control and 3 years of
guarantee.


ó...AMIGA...

With  the PFS 2 a new  filesystem for the  Amiga is ready. It promises  a higher
performance and a better reliability. It supports also theoretical harddrives up
to 2oo GB. The whole thing will cost about 99 DM.

IOBlix 12ooP and 12ooS are two new  interface cards released for  the AMIGA 12oo
series. The  IOBlix 12ooP brings  an EPP/EPC parallel port and  the 12ooS brings
besides a serial highspeed ECP port also an IrDA port.


ó...APPLE...

They have  entered the  german market with their  all-in-one iMAC  on the 1.9.98
with a big promotion campaign. I saw their adverts already and they're  nice, no
question. They  don't talking about processor power  in MHz, just saying "fast",
other  words like "easy" dominating the adverts too. All in one  it isn't boring
too and the  machine with its very strange design will surely find a  lot of new
fans, maybe it's a new freak machine...
The german  iMAC package contains a unbelievable big software  package too, with
MAC  OS 1, Claris  Works, MS  Internet  Explorer, Netscape  Navigator, Fax  STF,
Outlook Express, Kai's  Photosoap SE, the  games MDK and  Nanosaur and  last but
not least another software bundle by Play Max.
Obviously its created to force the people to change their system!
Btw, the price range in the german shops is laying between 29oo DM and 3ooo DM.
For more informations check out: www.nobeige.com
                                 www.macnn.com/imac
                                 www.apple.de

They have  invented the  new G3 Powerbooks  with 233, 266 and 3oo MHz processors
and a 14,1" TFT display. The prices are oriented at the old Powerbooks.

The iMAC is invading JAPAN at the moment and the sales going strong in the USA.

MacOS 8.5 will be ready at the beginning of October

Apple Germany has created a new product database  in the Internet  where you can
get actual informations  about productions of thirdproducers. Just it check out:
www.platform.apple.de
The same for the american market can be found under: www.macsoftware.apple.com


ó...ARCOR...

This german private  phone society has presented its idea, "Internet By Call" on
the -Cebit home-.
It means  that you  can surf  around  in the Internet  without contract, without
basic rate and with one number for whole Germany.


ó...ASH...

Wot?! Yes, Application Systems Heidelberg has taken over the distribution of the
coming Mac version of Tombraider II for Germany.


ó...AVM...

They presented their ISDN FRITZ CARD for USB connections too. It will cost about
299 DM. (PCI FRITZ CARD about 199 DM).


ó...AWARD SOFTWARE...

They released the  MILLENIUM/PRO ISA card which can solve the year  2ooo problem
of the BIOS of x86 PCs. The card fits  in a  8bit ISA or EISA slot and  switches
the clock correct and  automatically. The card will cost about  8o $ and will be
available in Europe within the next weeks too.


ó...BROWSER WAR...

Latest informations  from the frontline on the Internet browsers. NETSCAPE still
leads the market but with just 54% before MICROSOFT (46%). In the next weeks and
months  MICROSOFT will  take  over the  leadership (they're already  leading the
market for  Email softwares) because  at the moment  the interest  for MICROSOFT
products is much bigger than for NETSCAPE products (Navigator and Communicator).
So another one  is loosing his position  in the fight against MICROSOFTs monopol
in the software branche.


ó...CANON...

A new  generation  of colour flatboard scanners  is born. They  presented  their
CANOSCAN FB32oP (199 DM) and FB62oP (299 DM) with connections for  the parallel-
port between  Windows machines  and printer. They're build in LIDE technology, a
very compact kind of construction. So they're just 6,3 cm high.


ó...CEBIT HOME...

This big media  fair was  held  again in Hannover / Germany  but this year there
weren't as much visitors as in the year before.


ó...CREATIVE LABS...

They have released the SOUND BLASER PCI 128.... for the PCI Bus (what else?!).


ó...HEWLETT-PACKARD...

They invented a new  printer family with the HP DESKJET 895Cxi PROFESSIONAL, the
HP DESKJET 71oC  and as start-up package  the DESKJET 69oC and DESKJET 42oC. The
last one is very cheap with just 249 DM.

They released two new notebooks of the HP OMNIBOOK series, the  HP OMNIBOOK 21oo
and 71oo. Both  notebooks using the fastest Intel processor, the  3oo MHz Mobile
Pentium II. Furthermore the HP OMNIBOOK 715o brings a  grafic solution  based on
the AGP technology.
The "cheaper" HP OMNIBOOK 21oo  comes along  with a 13,3" TFT display, a 4GB HD,
24*CDROM and 32 MB RAM. It will cost "just" 79oo DM.


ó...IBM...

They presented  on the -Cebit home- the new version  of VIAVOICE'98 and now they
are working on the possibility to free the computer from mouse and keyboard.

They presented the PowerPC with 4oo MHz based on the G3 with copper technology.

They invented  massive discounts on their new  15" LCD screen, T55. It will cost
only 95o $ now, ou can get it in white or black  and optional (for + 15o $) with
the AGP grafic card MATROX MYSTIQUE. Releasedate: o5.1o. in the United States.
More informations under: http://www.ibm.com


ó...INTEL...

The  leading chip producer  of the world  had presented  its  new PentiumII chip
with 45o MHz at the -Cebit home- and completed the home compters range.
Two new  Celeron processors were  presented too, with 3oo  and 333 MHz which are
thought for the step-in machines on the PC market.
Those new chips are the last new presentations for 1998.

They invented a new network processor who allows private persons  to build up an
own and cheap network without special network lines. This new processor uses the
normal phone lines instead.


ó...INTERNET WITHOUT COMPUTER...

IT'S A BIG FLOP! SHARP, SANYO, MITSUBISHI and NEC have  stopped  the  production
of Internet capable  TV sets. Also the  combination of PC and TV set is  a flop,
in the United States were sold just 1o.ooo units in 1997.


ó...INTERNET MAKES DEPRESSIVE!...

Aaarg! Because I'm thinking about  an own and private access to the Inet I was a
bit surprised about this news! So some british editor  of a rival  mag has again
the possibility to kick me, just saying I don't have to join the Inet because it
can be  that I will  offer suicidal tendencies... Or maybe  all the  others will
join  life style  and the  people  don't like MAGGIE  anymore  because  it isn't
depressive enough?! Maybe the possibility to go on top of the charts for UCM?!
I don't know... anyway. The University of Pittsburgh has released the results of
a big study where they found out that the use  of the Inet makes the  people too
much depressive because they're feeling alone. It doesn't matter for what you're
using the net, just for surfing around, Emails or chatrooms.
The social psychologist  Robert Kraut says that  the people don't  have the time
for friends  and family anymore  while surfing through  the net. Because of this
some strong social contacts are replaced by weak ones (the net contacts).
Strange eh?!


ó...IOMEGA...

They reduced the  prices for the IOMEGA ZIP PARALLEL drive down to 259 DM (about
-2o DM) and  for the ZIP disx  too. A sixpack of ZIP disx will cost  only 139 DM
now (instead of 179 DM) and a pack of 1o disx will cost only 249 DM.
New is a start-up-package with a ZIP drive and 6 ZIP disx for just 359 DM.

Furthermore  they lowered  the price of the IOMEGA JAZ drive  too. Now the JAZ 2
drive will just cost 899 DM (instead of 1149 DM) and  a medium will  cost 249 DM
now (-2o DM again).


ó...ISDN...

Germany is the worldwide leading country with digital  connections 1997, overall
every third ISDN connection  worldwide is located in Germany. Just some numbers
for comparison: 44 of 1ooo connections are digital in Germany
                15 of 1ooo connections are digital in France
                13 of 1ooo connections are digital in Japan
                 5 of 1ooo connections are digital in the United States.
Overall in Germany we had about 3,6 Million ISDN connections in 1997.


ó...MATSUSHITA...

The developped a  phase change technology  for  optical medias which can be used
for DVD RAM medias too. Two o,6mm disx will be put' together and a 12cm disc has
the capacity of 8,5 GB... this means  about 6 hours of compressed MPEG-2 videos.
It is no problem  to make this technology compatible to usual DVD systems but at
the moment it isn't acknowledged by the international DVD forum.
For more information check out the page: http://www.panasonic.co.jp


ó...MICROVITEC...

They presented their new  FLATSTAR LCD  screens. They are a real  alternative to
the normal CRT monitors. There are two different screen  wides, 121 S stands for
12,1" and  will cost about 13oo DM, 151 S stands  for 15,1" and will  cost about
25oo DM. The last one has the same screen wide of normal 17" monitors.


ó...NINTENDO...

The new  GAMEBOY COLOR  will invade  all over  Europe on the 23.11.1998. It  was
already presented at the ECTS in London  and will start with  6 new games/titles
in November. 1o more games will be released this year too.
The new  GAMEBOY COLOR can display up to 56 colours  on the  screen at  the same
time and you can play old games too on it (you can change between 1o colour-sets
for playing them).
The six  new titles  are: QUEST FOR CAMELOT, POCKET TALES CHAMBER, HARVEST MOON,
NEW TETRIS, POCKET BOMBERMAN and GAME&WATCH GALLERY.
Hey! It's new stuff for the RES GODS! =)


ó...PANASONIC...

They have released the  PANAFLAT LC 5oS. This new  LCD screen is  just 7,7 cm in
deep and needs  just 2o cm room on  your table. The monitor  features besides an
USB connection a  resolution of  max. 1o24*768 pixel, 16,7  million colours  and
a screen wide comparable with normal 17" monitors. Prices aren't fixed so far.


ó...PHASE 5...

This german  producer of Apple clones has  released a G3 Upgrade for  all APTUS-
machines. The APUS-G3 card with 3oo MHz will cost  about 1849 DM  and the G3/266
will cost about 999 DM.
They also released  the MACCELERATE G3/233 with  512 KB backside cache (1o95 DM)
or 1 MB backside cache (1295 DM).
Btw, the real market prices will surely lay under this official recommendations.


ó...SEGA...

They presented  their new 128bit (!) console DREAMCAST on a  sneak presentation,
about one month before the official  one. This new  video games console  will be
presented  in October  in Japan  and a first  title, "SONIC ADVENTURES" will  be
ready too for this machine on its release. So the old game producers  from Japan
coming back after years of silence and a lot of flops (just like the whole 32bit
stuff they presented  in the last years) and a  new competitor  for NINTENDO and
SONY is back!


ó...SONY...

They have introduced 3 new notebooks at the -Cebit home-.
This machines  belong to  the VAIO computers  line and  featuring  a new  memory
medium, the so called Memory Sticks and a new connection to  digital components.

They have reduced the price of the PLAYSTATION and a real price war between them
and NINTENDO, who  lowered the  price of the N64 too, started. Both systems have
now the same price in Japan, USA and finally Germany too (249 DM).


ó...SUPERDISK...

The new SuperDiskDrive is available for USB ports now, will cost 3oo DM, and has
a capacity of 12o MB, is compatible to 1,44 MB drives too.
Check out more: www.imation.com


ó...SYQUEST...

They presented  their new SPARQ change harddisk with 1 GB storage USB compatible
for iMAC too. The drive will cost about 5oo DM and a single 1 GB medium 85 DM.


ó...SYSTEMS'98...

It's a new fair for the PC market on the 23. October in Munich / Germany.


ó...TERRATEC ELECTRONICS...

This austrian firm  presented PACKET CD 3, a tool integrated in WIN-ON-CD 3.5 by
TRAXDATA. This  software can double  the memory capacity of  CDR/CD-RW to 1,2 GB
and can double the write speed too. Only  disadvantage: this tool is thought for
TRAXDATA (from Austria) recorders only.


It's just  a very small overview about the things which happened in the last few
weeks on  the big PC/Mac market. It's  not  complete  ofcourse... For more  info
about the single topics check out the webpages I have mentioned there.

---------------------------------------------------- moondog - poets of decay --