--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Û                         THE GUILDE OF THE UCM WRITERS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Heyho! Here we go with a small overview about all the guys who're  still working
on this magazine, not to kill the scene, but to support the scene...


Û                             THE REGULAR UCM POSSE
                           -------------------------

Úmoondog - poets of decay

   The main editor since the  first issue  and last  survivor of the founders of
   Undercover. Besides the articles stuff responsible for putting together, some
   grafix works and ass kicks. His main job is to piss off other people, but eh!
   He's  still able  to use  a normal toilet  too to  remove the pressure of his
   bladder!
   He's the official "Buhmann" of the scene, and for guys like Mr Pink / ResGods
   and No / Escape  or Evil / DHS the  gravedigger of  this scene too, anyway he
   swings his  shovel and digs out a lot  of more  pits with every  issue, maybe
   some people don't checked it out that you can plant new trees with this work?
   Trees which can carry a lot of fruits sometimes... fruits for this scene!
   Yes... and he's a goth (as Mr Pink checked out right), any questions?!

ÚMC Laser - .tSCc. and poets of decay

   The news editor  and organizer behind the frontline. His massive  contacts to
   scene people of the legal and illegal business are the foundation of the phat
   scene part of every issue of the UCM.
   Besides this he likes it to be kicked in his  ass too, that someone draggs on
   his big  noose, esp. of some  english  no-ones  without any knowledge  of the
   things MC Laser is writing about.
   Furthermore he likes it to kick his mates of .tSCc. in their rotten asses and
   believes  still in a new big demo made by his band, even if there is no coder
   interested in coding just a single bit...
   Besides this he is  rummaging in his  thousands of techno  records and draggs
   them to some parties where he's working as DJ from time to time.
   Last but not least  he's a fan of strange  porn stories (Tittenterror im Wald
   der Penisringe) and imitates DocSnyder as no otherone.

ÚEarX - Fun

   The guy with the panzerbeat in his fingers while he's debugging the UCM shell
   and coding some  games and demos. He's  the second  dressed-in-black-freak of
   the  UCM posse but  not as negative  as moondog, maybe because he  can go  to
   parties held  in the catacombs of a church meanwhile  moondog has only boring
   clubs to visit in his surroundings?! Dunno...
   Anyway, the kaaskopp don't likes caravans but old Volvo 240 models using only
   gas instead of gasoline. He joined  the scene just two years  ago (or so) and
   in this time he visited maybe more parties as some other one, there is no way
   to long for him to be together with some Atari fanatics.
   Last but not least he supported the current issue of the UCM with  more texts
   as some old regular writer mentioned below.

ÚmOd - .tSCc.

   Don't know if I have to count him still to the regular posse because it seems
   as the writer with the longest activity besides moondog (mOd joined  the UCM-
   writers guilde already at the second issue) don't like it to stand  with guys
   who are fucked off  by some nobody from England who liked it to  be a Lemming
   in his former life. Maybe he didn't liked it to be mOd of pod? Maybe he don't
   got the fame he wanted for writing for the UCM?! Don't know...
   Anyway mOd  seems to be  study design and computer grafix, but  eh! He's just
   studying the law and runs around with tons of books under his arms every day,
   if he's not sitting in front  of his Falcon  to paint  grafix for millions of
   other Atari bands or tormenting his rare friends on the pinp-pong-table...

ÚGrey - Mystic Bytes

   Yep! The chartsman! He's  better than  media control and  responsible for the
   great success  of the UCM charts since Marcer of E! fucked up with collecting
   votes. Furthermore Grey is  the polish HQ of the UCM Posse  and indefatigable
   using his propaganda-bongos to drum the UCM to the olymp of Atari scene mags,
   baaaa! UCM - disk-zine for real sceners!
   Grey likes it  to drive many  hours in a bus without  windows to  some german
   scene  events and his  fave saying is... "Wanna koppy of new demmo?!" =)  the
   rest of  the time he's sucking  on some vodka bottles  with the  polish party
   posse, always ready to drink even Drizzt of .tnb. under the table...


Û         NEW WRITERS AND GUYS WHO ARE SUPPORTING US FROM TIME TO TIME
       ----------------------------------------------------------------

ÚThe Paranoid - Paranoia

   We don't know where he is coming from and where he  want to go in the future!
   Just one thing is save: he did a great job with his massive  support for this
   issue of the UCM! Maybe some english simple minded guy will say: "Hey! We had
   the idea  that he should join the UCM posse!" but  it isn't  true, because we
   already thought  about it before the last  Maggie was released and  we aren't
   clairvoyents... But if Mr Pink  want to have the credits for  this writer, he
   has to get in touch with us!
   Besides writing articles and painting some stuff The Paranoid likes it to see
   some scene members breakdancing on his screen.

ÚMike - Stax^Running Design Team

   One of our contacts since 1995 and again and again good for a surprise he was
   our exclusive journalist on the World Of Atari, held in Las Vegas.
   Maybe he will fly to the moon if  there will be held  a party or  fair there,
   just to write a report for Undercover. =)
   If he's not sitting in an Airbus or fighting against the  jetlag he's RUNNING
   around in a dungeon with a  big gun to kill a lot  of monsters and  kick some
   asses if he's too bored...

ÚJace - STKnights

   The modern Robinson Crusoe, living somewhere on  a small island  in the Indic
   Ocean, main coder of the local  Atari scene on  his island  and maybe someone
   of the longest  active Atarians who wrote something for the current  issue of
   the UCM at all.
   Besides  some articles  from time to  time, his actions to  RESURRECT the ST-
   scene standing in the front. Furthermore he's sitting  very often in front of
   his Apple computers and he likes it to explore his island and climbing up the
   local volcano, hopefully without falling into the crater!

ÚThe Beast - Typhoon^Supremacy

   Unfortunately the current issue will maybe the last issue he  wrote something
   for because another BIG band want to have him and so he must join the army.
   Up to this moment he  is still trying to code some oldfashioned GFA demos and
   to be the junction of the whole french scene.
   We  hope for him that  he don't must  go to the  Mururoa-island to  test some
   french nuclear weapons, because he's already a Beast and  if he will mutate a
   bit more it can be that he will loose his interest in the Atari scene.
   Because he don't think  that there  is still something going  on in the scene
   when he will come back we have to do all to show him that he's wrong!

Ú5o5 - Checkpoint

   Just two  days before  the planned  release of UCM # 13 he sent me  his (this
   time a bit small) contribution for the magazine... At the moment I don't know
   if he'll join the regular writer posse but I hope so, but we can't bound him.
   Anyway 5o5 is  the brother of  NO of ESCAPE and  besides TAO the  most famous
   chipper of the current Atari scene and maybe one of the most active guys too.
   If he's not sitting in his room to compose  funky chip tunes, he's  laying in
   his bed (also in his flat ofcourse) or explores the hard side  of life, becoz
   he's doing his civil service at the moment and I (moondog) as the one who has
   the job to drill those guys (they have to know what it  means not to join the
   army, hehe) know how hard this life can be, grin...

ÚdynaCore - .tSCc.

   One of the last active german coding  gods... erm... even if his fave  saying
   is "...I'm doing only the homepage...". He has to be  kicked hard to  do some
   coding works at all but if he's digging out his Atari he  releases  some real
   smashing screens. Unfortunately he's infected with the  PC virus... not to do
   some scene stuff... no! Just to check out x-rated pictures, movies and so on,
   likes to see animals fucking cute girls, hhhhorrr...

That's it  for UCM # 13... I know... you're  surely surprised  that the mainwork
was written by just three guys (MCL, The Paranoid and moondog), but without  the
help of all the others it wouldn't be the thing it is today...

--------------------------------------------------------------- poets of decay -