

{*f1APEX MEDIA ON THE ST{*f0

ñPreamble,  I came across this  little nugget of  unknown Atari  history
whilst I was down in London at the premises of  System Solutions,  this
is the natural  and approriate  follow-up to the  speculation raised in
the  Maggie 28  edition of 'Dirk'.  Being the generous and quick-acting
fellow I am,  I thought that you lucky  UCM readers ought  to share  in
the discovery (grin!) Now read on...ð

Those of you familiar with the Falcon-loving art and animation package,
Apex Media,  will be very surprised to learn that there was actually an
ST version planned by the Black Scorpion Team as well!

Many  people  may well have heard something of this in  the  past,  but
concluded  it was a production cast up on the wilder shores of  rumour.
Now  I've found someone with access to an early beta version  of  this,
which  dates  back to the time when 'Apex Media' was known  as  'Chroma
Studio' and was intended to be distributed by Floppyshop.

It is thanks to Shuiming Lai of System Solutions,  that I've managed to
finally  set  eyes on this,  and  of course,  thanks to Doug Little for
providing that elusive unreleased beta version in the first place.


òWhat there is...ð

What exists of 'ST Apex Media',  or more correctly,  'ST Chroma Studio'
isn't a huge amount, but enough to give you a pretty good idea.

The  interface  is  superficially similar to the  Falcon  version.  The
metallic effect control panel is there,  the main functions are grouped
at the top of the screen,  rather than at the side, as is the case with
Apex Media. The VCR-style animation and screen swapping controls are at
the bottom, where you would expect to find them in Apex.

As you might expect, most of the functions hadn't been implemented, but
I  did get to see basic freehand and line drawing,  with variable  line
thickness,  and a responsive 'standard' airbrush.  It was also possible
to load in multiple screens, as many as memory would permit?

There  was quite a bit that was on the control panel/bar,  which hadn't
been  put in at that stage.  There is a fair range of picture and block
cut,  copy  and  manipulation options on Apex Media,  and it looks like
most  of these were going to make it into the ST version.  Some of them
look like they are in a half-working state, even now? The file selector
revealed support for loading (saving?) in a huge range of file formats,
including  truecolour  formats like Targa.  Even the  animation  format
*.FLI  from  the PC 3D Studio is supported,  although I was  told  that
trying  to  access  most of these would most likely  make  the  program
crash.  The  inclusion of truecolour formats more commonly seen on  the
Falcon, is very interesting, for a reason I will discuss shortly...


òWhat there might have been?ð

One feature that was mentioned for this,  was support for higher colour
modes than the standard ST could support. This was to be done using the
Photochrome  techniques  of  palette interlacing,  giving up  to  19200
colours on an STe (maybe up to a 32768 colour 15-bit display?)

It would then have been interesting to see if any picture  manipulation
would  have been possible in those colour modes,  as my recollection of
Photochrome  seemed to be that it was taking all the ST's  capacity  to
display the enhanced pictures. If anyone could have made it possible,
though, then that person would have been Doug Little!

We would also assume that support for animation in higher colour modes,
either as *.FLI/FLC mode, or its own native format, would have featured
as well.


òWhat wasn't going in...ð

It  was  unlikely that the more DSP weighted parts of Apex  Media  were
going into its ST brother. There was no sign of the morphing studio, or
the more esoteric truecolour drawing tools,  such as the fine airbrush.
This  program  also  predates the more  Apex  Media  specific  features
relating to realtime video capture and the film studio generally.

And no, there weren't any Cyberdials!

It  would also be interesting to have seen if larger screen  modes,  or
virtual  versions  of  these were to be supported,  this  beta  clearly
sticking  with  the  ST  low standard of 320  x  200  pixels,  although
managing to overscan to get the control panels on screen.


òIn the end...ð

It  has to be said that this missing beta gave a pretty good  taste  of
what  the finished article would have been like.  On its own,  it would
have  been  a pretty superior ST-based art package,  capable of  giving
existing ST products a good run for their shareware registration.

With  the  largely  untold  possibilites of  the  added  Truecolour  or
Photochrome modes, it could well have been a world-beater!

ñBy CiH - Feb '00ð
