
                              ñBook(s) reviewedð
   
                           ó2001, 2010, 2061, 3001ð

                            ñby Arthur C. Clarkeð
      
                          ò--------------------------ð
                          
Yes, there are books besides memory maps and DevPac manuals to read. Really 
there are. òSWEð for example knows that very well as he usually reads the 
books to popular movies (to moan about the movies ;-) Yes, òbaggioð, there are 
even books without centerfolds and high-quality photographs. And since a 
very famous but badly delayed diskmag on the Atari usually features a few 
book-, music- and movie-reviews, i thought, why not do one for ñUCMð as 
well ?
And since (most) Atari-fanatics are also interested in Science-Fiction, i 
also thought reviews about the ñnoble-SciFi-novelsð ò2001, Odysee in spaceð,
ò2010, the year we made contactð, ò2061, Odysee IIð and ò3001, the final 
chapterð would be quite appropriate. ò2001ð and ò2010ð are also famous 
movies, so i dare to compare the novels with the movies there as well.
Here we go.

ò2001 - Odysee in spaceð

ñBackground informationð
The movie ò2001ð is not really just the novel turned into a film. In fact, the 
motion picture ò2001ð is more a cooperation between óStanley Kubrikð and 
óArthur C. Clarkeð. Not really surprising then to see that they both feature 
an identical plot but differ (vastly) in some details and that the book was 
actually published ñafterð the movie was.
Additionally, the novel never got half as much fame as the motion picture.

òThe plotð
You do know ò2001ð, don't you ? The story begins in the past, a long time 
ago, where some pseudo-human apes, struggle hard to survive. But their 
chances are bad, their bodies aren't specialized in any way, the food is 
getting rare and they are on the edge of extintion ... When suddenly, out of 
nowhere, a large, rectangular crystal-clear plate, from now on called "The 
Monolith" appears, experiments with the apes and finally trains their so far 
unused skills of intelligence to help them survive.
Cut to somewhen in the late ninties. Doctor Heywood Floyd is leaving, 
chairman of the NCA, National Congress of Astronautic, for the moon to see 
what they found within the crater "Tycho" - A large, black, rectangular 
block, from now on called "The Monolith", that some moon-geophysicists have 
digged out, just to witness it transmitting signals to jupiter.
Another major cut to the interior of the space-ship "Discovery" in the year
ò2001ð, where the pilots David Bowman and Frank Poole - as well as the 
onboard computer, HAL 9000, are on their way to Saturn, passing the Jupiter 
to have a closer look it when suddenly the HAL 9000 reports a malfunction in 
the antenna, the key-device for communication with earth. Frank Poole dies 
in an attempt to repair it and the rest of the journey doesn't really run as 
the people at NCA planned it as the Discovery makes its way to the Saturn, 
where David Bowman finds out something really extraordinary about the moon 
"Japetus" ...

óConclusionð
ò2001 - Odysee in spaceð - the novel, not the motion picture, has been 
written between 1964 and 1968 - Meaning, it has been written ñbeforeð Apollo 
11 actually landed on the moon. óArthur C. Clarkeð started the novel when 
even the NASA wasn't really existant and the knowledge about living and 
working in "space" wasn't really defined as it is now.
Nevertheless, almost everything in ò2001ð stays within physical correctness 
- after all, óArthur C. Clarkeð has been an astrophysicist. The time-scales 
for the journey as well as for communication, the rendezvous-maneuvers, the
behaviour of bodies in zero-gravity, everything is based on physical facts. 
Even his ideas about using the centrifugal force to "simulate" weight - 
commonly accepted by now - were very new and quite "keen" at that time.
This makes ò2001ð a really very special novel. Most other science-fiction 
novels of that time were only loosely based on physics and far too far off. 
ò2001ð isn't. Everything is so realistic and well depicted that the whole 
scenario feels like it would start tomorrow.
Additionally, his style of "locking" the plot on special key persons gives 
the whole story more depths and enhances the relation reader-protagonists. 
Even the historical part about the human-apes features on special ape called 
"moon-viewer" that is being followed in his moves instead of just telling 
the story of "moon-viewers" tribe. But this way of writing makes the story 
more tense and gives the reader more insight.
Finally, ò2001ð leaves hardly any questions open. Even though the end is 
kind of open, the story around the monolith, Dave Bowman, Frank Poole and 
HAL, is complete.
All that makes ò2001 - Odysee in spaceð" one hell of a science fiction book.
It's different to many others as it describes something that might happen 
the very next day and as it stays physically correct all the time. It still 
has a taking plot and will surely keep you reading with fascination.

óComparison with the motion picture ò2001 - Odysee in spaceð
I'm quite sure you have seen the movie. After all, it's considered a classic 
and a cult-movie. Nevertheless, i never really liked it. It leaves so many 
questions unanswered.
The story with the apes for example only gives a small hint of the how the 
evolution of the apes really worked - and it's a bit ridiculously played as 
well. The scenes around the moon are a bit awkward and the viewer never gets 
to know if the screeching noise around the monolith was just a coincidence, 
a malfunction of the communication devices or the monoliths signals.
Finally, no one seeing the movie knows why HAL malfunctioned and no one 
seeing the movie gets to know what happens to Dave Bowman, where it happens, 
why it happens and what it is supposed to mean.
Luckily, the book is different. They evolution of the apes is a lot shorter 
but still more precise, as is the description of the Discovery mission. Even 
though the movie and the book differ in some details, the books is more 
complete, more precise and easier to understand than the movie is.
I prefer the novel over the movie anytime.



ò2010 - The year we made contactð

ñBackground informationð
The novel ò2010ð was written a lot later than ò2001ð was. ò2001ð has been 
finished 1968 while ò2010ð was written 1982, meaning that there are 14 years 
between the two novels. Furthermore, the novel is rather based on the movie 
ò2001ð than on the novel ò2001ð - which means, that some details are 
confusingly different.
The prologue of the novel already gives a hint that ò2010ð is not simply a 
sequel to ò2001ð, but a completely new epos, just based on what happened in 
ò2001ð but not necessarily requiring it. It also says that the new 
discoveries in science, physics and especially space are being used as a new 
basis for ò2010ð which were simply unknown in ò2001ð.

ñThe plotð
Doctor Heywood Floyd, the one who was chairman of the NCA when the monolith 
was discovered on the moon, had to resign and find himself a new job as the 
Discovery mission totally failed and no one was really capable of telling 
why. Someone had to be blamed and that one was him.
But now it all comes back to him. The Discovery, now wreckage between 
Jupiter and Io, seems to tumble, the russians are launching the "Leonov" to 
reach Jupiter and the Discovery and to prevent that mission from failing, an 
old friend of Dr. Floyd, Dimitri, gets Dr. Floyd, Dr. Curnow, the engineer 
of Discovery I and the one currently being built, Discovery II and Dr. 
Chandra, the one who built and programmed HAL, signed up to join the Leonov- 
crew. To everyone's surprise, a chinese team is just being launched to reach 
Jupiter and maybe even the Discovery before them, when something very very 
odd happens to them. Nevertheless they find out why the Discovery tumbles, 
why HAL malfunctioned, when suddenly Dave Bowman reappears with a warning 
for the crew aboard the Leonov and something wonderful happens ...

òConclusionð
The novel ò2001ð ends with the Discovery orbitting around Japetus, a Saturn 
moon, where Dave Bowman left the Discovery with one of the small 
multi-purpose vehicels. It ends with Dave Bowman being transformed into a 
starchild of enourmous power. It ends with Frank Poole definetly 100% dead 
due to sudden evacuation of his space-suit, it ends with the Antenna and the 
Discovery more or less operational (except for HAL) and at no time, the NCA 
wasn't in control of Dave Bowman or the Discovery.
The novel ò2010ð starts with the Discovery hovering helpless and completely 
turned off at the Lagrange point between Jupiter and Io where Dave Bowman 
has found an additional, large Monolith. It starts with Dave Bowman never 
having been at his way to Saturn, but having dissappeared somewhere near Io. 
It starts with nobody knowing why HAL malfunctioned even though the novel 
ò2001ð says that earth mission control was just about to tell Dave Bowman 
and Frank Poole what was wrong with HAL and that it needs to be turned off.
It starts with Dave Bowman being more a "probe" than a superpowered 
starchild.
As you can plainly see - there are major differences between ò2001ð and 
ò2010ð. Even though this is confusing (and totally unnecessary), it might 
have not been essential though - if the book had featured a bit more 
"action." There is absolutely no dramaturgy in ò2010ð. Everything simply 
happens, there is hardly any thrill or danger - and worst of all, there is 
hardly anything suprising in ò2010ð.
Even though the novel stays in the tradition of ò2001ð with regard to 
staying very physical all of the time and with featuring very strong 
insights into the essential characters - the whole plot is locked onto 
Heywood Floyd - it isn't half as good as ò2001ð.
It is not bad. Especially the 2 parallel plots that are being synchronized 
near the end, the story about Dave Bowman and the story of Heywood Floyd, 
are well done and keep you reading for a long time.
But the whole story is disappointing in the end and you won't re-read this 
book very soon after you finished it.

óComparison with the movieð.
More or less right after the novel was finished, Peter Hyams started with 
the motion picture - this time following the novel closer than Stanley 
Kubrik did it with ò2001ð. The movie's strong points are its well-done 
scenario where every monitor and every LED seems to make sense, where the 
special effects are realistic in a way that are close to reality anyway and 
with a brilliant Roy Scheider starring as Heywood Floyd.
Peter Hyams was wise enough to change a few details though. The scenario has 
turned into a dangerous and uncomfortable USA vs. USSR crises that is close 
to war, making cooperation aboard the Leonov hard, almost impossible as the 
Russians and Americans don't get along very well in the beginning. Peter 
Hyams has added some spice into the scenes where the Discovery is boarded or 
where Dr. Chandra talks to HAL to keep him doing the countdown correctly, 
those scenes almost burst of drama and thrill.
That renders ò2010ð a terrific movie, answering all the questions the movie 
ò2001ð has left open, telling the viewer what happened to HAL, to Dave 
Bowman and to the Discovery. Unfortunately, the story about the chinese 
ship, the "Tsien" is missing completely but has been replaced with a more 
thrilling scene where Europa is being probed.
To cut a long story short: The movie ò2010ð happens to be a lot better than 
the novel. It is breathtakingly realistic, fascinating, leaves out the 
non-essential details of the novel but added its own details that spice up 
the whole story real good. If you've seen the movie before reading the book, 
you will be disappointed by the book for sure.



ó2061 - Odysee IIIð

ñBackground informationð
So far, no one has tried to make a movie out of this novel, probably no one
will either as the movie ò2010ð has not been such a success. As there 
haven't been any major physical or astronomical discoveries between the 
writing of ò2010ð and ò2061ð, the basic physics are quite similar to the one
in ò2010ð with just a few minor differences.

òThe plotð
Dr. Heywood Floyd has returned to earth after his Leonov mission and the new
sun, Lucifer, has banned a dark sky over the earth, until then called night, 
forever. His marriage has unfortunately failed due to his long absence and 
he spent most of his time on the moon as his son Christopher never really 
got a good relation to him. Having grown old and wise and still being in 
good physical shape, enhanced through his long live in zero gravity, he 
decides to go on a funky journey to land on the Halley-comet.
Space trips have gone a lot more comfortable by now - not to say routine 
tasks - as people have migrated to settle down on Ganymede and Callisto, the 
now living moons of the new sun Lucifer.
His grandson, Christopher jr. however is more like himself and is pilot of a 
freighter that is being forced to land on Europa - the forbidden planet for 
humans - by an extremist group who demand to have a look what happens on 
Europa. After all, all probes sent into the inner atmosphere of Europa have 
somehow been destroyed or simply lost.
The ship Heywood Floyd is on is being called for help and a dramatic rescue 
action with Dr. Floyd as the main protagonist is starting to rescue the crew 
of Christopher Floyd Jr., who all of a sudden sees his grandfather on Europa 
even before Dr. Heywood Floyd has gotten there ...

óConclusionð
Even though ò2061ð doesn't really need ò2001ð or ò2010ð directly - some 
parts of ò2010ð are even repeated within the novel - the whole scenario only 
makes a deeper sense if you have read them.
The plot of ò2061ð is taking and very well written, especially if you are 
fascinated by science-fiction close to physical reality. The description of 
the Halley-comet and the landing on it is thrilling and the evolution of the 
plot with the extremist groups and the (forbidden) landing on Europa brings 
in the spice i badly missed in ò2010ð.
Even though the end is probably a little "awkward" and may not be considered 
very "satisfying", you will not lay this book aside easily.
Seeing it as a sequel to ò2010ð, it beats its predecessor lefthanded when it 
comes to thrill and suspense. A good novel, definetly worth reading.



ó3001 - the final chapterð

ñBackground informationð
I only read the german version of it but i assume it's english subtitle is
"The final chapter". Please let me know if i am wrong.
The novel is relatively young.

òThe plotð
In ò2001ð, Frank Poole is lost in space. After an accident with his multi-
purpose vehicle, he is propelled into open space and never seen again.
In ò3001ð, he is being found frozen stiff and revived by modern technology.
Earth has developed into a place of peace and understanding, covered by 7 
large - very large - towers that reach and pass even the stratosphere to 
heights where the gravity is only a small fragment of the full earth 
gravity. This is, where Frank Poole's new life in the future is being told 
about, as he meets the modern world, the new sun, new friends, etc.
But he is bored. His life has lost all meaning, he is a fragment of the 
past, welcome by the new era, supported and taken care of, but he himself 
has no more function he could be proud about.
So he decides to get into contact with his friend, David Bowman, as he 
considers himself to be the only person who might be granted access to 
Europa.
All of a sudden, an explosion of a nearby (but out of reach) planet is being 
detected that could not be explained and might not have had a natural 
explanation, suddenly, David Bowman is back with another warning and 
suddenly, the shadow of a new danger hovers over earth.

óConclusionð
Once again, the author himself, óArthur C. Clarkeð neglects the details of 
his own former novels. In the book ò2001ð, the space suit of Frank Poole is 
torn apart, he is exposed into the vacuum and -272 degrees in one instant 
and the reaction of a human body to that allows no interpretation.
In ò3001ð, it seems more like Frank Poole froze before he could choke and he 
has never been in vacuum, his space-suit perfectly intact. The negotiator
David Bowman, whose doings are very excessively described in ò2001ð (and 
even ò2061ð) has been degraded to a simple computer program and Heywood
Floyd isn't even mentioned once, he is totally neglected.
The whole plot of ò2061ð is more or less completely ignored as well.
Additionally, about 95% of the story is simple plain description of Frank 
Poole's life in 3001 and what earth is like at that time - Which is a bit 
too fantastic for an óArthur C. Clarkeð and yet a little boring to read.
There is no real action taking place until Frank Poole actually lands on 
Europa. Even after that, as the story seems to evolve with the new warning, 
it stops abruptely with a simple solution really unworthy for an óArthur C.
óClarkeð.
ò3001ð is a very disappointing novel, especially if you liked ò2001ð and
ò2061ð.



óFinal Thoughtsð
As every series of novels, the ò2001ð-quadrology has its good and its bad 
episodes. The novels of ò2001ð and ò2061ð are excellent, breathtakingly 
thrilling and exciting while ò2010ð tends to be entertaining once, but not 
as taking as the others. ò3001ð is definetly the greatest failure in the 
series without any real plot.
One characteristic feature however is met in all four books: The story is 
always connected to certain people, even if the story does not demand this.
Second, the physics being described in this book don't need any subspace or 
warp-drives - nothing in this book violates the laws of physics. Except for 
the supernatural creatures that take hold of David Bowman, but even that 
contrast mixes very well with óArthur C. Clarke'sð relatively dry and 
emotionless, "physical" style of writing.
What annoyed me most was the way the author neglected or even violated the 
details of his own former books. Nothing in ò3001ð needs ò2061ð - on the 
contrary, a few details in ò3001ð even object to details in ò2061ð. The book 
ò2010ð does not start where the book ò2001ð has ended, but where the movie 
ò2001ð has ended, causing a lot of confusion if you have read ò2001ð shortly 
before or have not seen the movie.
Nevertheless, if you find a package of all 4 books, i'd say go for it. Even 
though ò2010ð and ò3001ð are not as stunning as the others, they are still 
better than a lot of other cheap science fiction crap you can buy.
If you want some science fiction that is quite close to reality and yet far 
away from here and now, if you want a scenario that could happen the other 
day, if you want to get a totally different explanation of the evolution of 
human intelligence, this series features all this.
If you're into Phaser-beams, large mid-space battle-scenes, wicked empires 
or supernatural aliens that only exist in subspace and capture humans in 
their sleep to take them apart and put them together again, this series will 
not appeal to you in any way at all.


óThe Paranoidð                                  óParanoiað
                                        ñThink you can handle it ?!ð
                                          òFrom the Lunatic Asylumð