
{*f1EDITORIAL{*f0

    Hello Atarians and welcome to this 19th issue of UNDERCOVER !
    
    As usual over the last months UCM has suffered from  a strictò SlimFastð diet. 
But we are  still here  and I think  this is the  most important fact to keep in
mind... The usual headings are still present, not to forget the reviews or party 
reports. Now of course if you want UCM to grow bigger óyou are invited to help !

    Btw  what  about UCM 20 ? Well I  want it  released after òSillyventure 2000. 
First because there should be enough releases to bring lots of reviews, esp good 
ones, and of course because I plan to attend it and  set up a  realtime article. 
Yet I cannot be sure if the mag can be ready by  late April or early May... Also 
we will need the usual  cover pic, shell  gfx, 3 chippies and one module. Not to 
forget the intro if anyone feels brave enough to code one :)

    What I want you to understand, esp when you lament about the little time you 
have to write, is that you ò DON'T HAVEð  to wait for the new  deadline or my huge 
and harassing  mailings  to start  something up !! Start  painting  today, start 
composing too and coding as well. Also  many articles can be  written regardless 
the number of releases  or parties. So please help me  and write something ! You 
only have to get in  touch with  me and say "I'd  like to..." Doesn't  sound too 
difficult, does it ?? 

    That's it then. The usual and rare feedback can be sent to me at the 
following email : ólarnac@hotmail.comð or òsurvivor@atari.org

    Also remember that  my  homepage  features a UCM section and a  guestbook so 
maybe you could stop by and write a little  something about  how  you (dis)liked 
this issue. Once again, this magazine mainly depends on your good will to make a 
little effort, so please do it....

    Visitó http://perso.libertysurf.fr/stsurvivor  
    
ñ-------------------------------------------------------- STS signing off ------
    
    