

ó    ------------------------ SOUND QUALITY ---------------------------

{*f1VINYL VS CD ?{*f0


On the cover of a CD that a friend lent me (Supershitty To The Max ! by
The Hellacopters), I found this little essay claiming that vinyl enables
to get a better sound than CD...Here is the whole text, make your own
opinion.
              ñ                                          Exocet


             ó"EVER GOT THE FEELIN' YOU'VE BEEN CHEATED ?

Hello all you fooled musiclovers who mostly prefer or only buy and listen
to CD records. Maybe when you start to reading this you're a bit irritated
and upset, but you don't deserve better. In my eyes you're not musiclovers,
fans or listeners. You just want some chosen music to go with your dishing
or vacuum cleaning. What I mean is that you can't have any demands on the
quality you're listening to, if you choose CD instead of vinyl. Besides,
you're all fools. I mean you're fooled by the records companies when you pay
more for a product which is worst. Or maybe you wanna pay this overprice
because CD is comfortable whith remote and all that. But there we go again,
it's not the music that counts for your choice, it's something else. In
digital sound you can't produce tape compression. Tape compression makes
the music tighter and creates miracle with a lot of recordings. The analog
tape has also a fuckin' euphonious distortion when overloading. Other than
that it's not the actual digital sound that suck, it's the CD. When
mastering a CD you bitcompress the dynamics so damn hard that you get a
flatter sound. Shitloads of overtones disappear. You actually cut off 20 kHz
by a lowpass filter. It is true it's not audible (the ear can't hear it) but
very important for the emotional experience. It goes onlike that until only
25% of the original music is left. Everything to make sure the music fits on
this onesided tiny little piece of shit. The reader, the laser, reads the
music in form of different sized holes (frames) in the plastic, ones and
zeros. The reader is very unstable and often makes mistakes. Because of that
there are "correction circuits" in digital cassette decks and CD players. In
DAT the circuits are working about 2 times per minute and 100 times per
second in a CD player. Which means that the CD player has to make a superfast
approximation of how the soundcurve "looked" like. As a result the sound gets
even worse since it's synthetic. The manufacturers have no intention to do
anything about it, but work hard to compress 99,5% away and produce even
more extensive mathematic formulas that approximates and re-produces the
sound synthetically. You get "holes" in the sound. In other words CD sounds
like shit, plain and simple. Music that suffers the most from being on CD is
among others the kind with lots of distorted guitars. If you look at a
graphic 3D picture (looks like an alp landscape which shows the face of the
sound) you can see that big holes appear in certain places, especially in the
midrange areas. Distorted guitar music has a much too complex sound for the
CD format. It can't be compressed that hard. I've never heard a CD that
sounds better than a vinyl record and I've never met a professional
soundmaker or manufacturer (whom I got all this information by the way) who
claims that either. Even a certain J.Crawley who works at the Philips
research laboratory admitted vinyl is better than CD at an Internet message
not so long ago. And a 1000 dollar CD player can't even be compared to a
turntable worth of 400 bucks, so it's just bull to say you need an expensive
vinyl player to beat the sound of the CD. However, the CD has some good
points. Records companies release single compilations, old LP's and other
rare material. And the fact that some knuckleheads go and sell their vinyl
copy when they bought the CD so I can buy their oh so rare and euphonious
vinyl records. When Philips did commercials for the CD in its youth they were
playing frisbee with it and a dog caught it in its mouth. The CD was supposed
to be durable. Most people who don't handle their CD's with care ought to
know how fuckin' fragile they are. And the price thing : the CD is cheaper to
make than the LP. That's the way it is. Yet still the consumer has to pay
more for a CD. The D.I.Y. (do it yourself) company thing is a crock of shit
as well. You sell records with no profit. Despite that, the CD's cost 30-50%
more than the LP's among most D.I.Y.'s. Why ? Perhaps they've glanced at the
price differences in the stores and noticed wackos who pay more for a CD
among their customers too. What the fuck have the D.I.Y. companies to do with
the multinational companies' prices ? Not a damn thing. Finally a question.
Why has the music CD such a worthless technology when the computer CD, with 5
years (only) in developing, has a sample frequency about 6 times better ?
Money perhaps. Put your record dealer under pressure. Ask for vinyl and give
yourself a possibilty to get a format that sounds good and is better for the
consumer !"

ñ(c)1995 - Jan Jutila, Your Own Jailer Records
