{*f1FALCAMP 0.92 AND{*f0

{*f1ANIPLAYER 2.08 MP3 REVIEW{*f0

ñby EarX / ~fun~



Some of you familiar with #atariscne might recall endless conversations
about whether mp3 could ever be played on a standard falcon. MP2 was already
playable with NoCrew's splendid ACC. Even on a standard Falcon the
performance was very reasonable. Mp3 would be next to impossible to play in
realtime, due to large lookuptables totally overpopulating the DSP RAM.

Now the rumours started to appear about some French people trying to beat the
odds. They really had some fine coding todo on this one. Now there were two
attempts:

1) SectorOne and splash (maker of FlaySID) developing a .ttp mp3 player and
   eventualy an acc-version.
2) Olivier Didier doing a mp3 player in his aniplayer.

ñFalcAmp:

First was heard about sectorone's attempt. A few months later I read some
words about mp3 on atari.org's forums. There was a discussion going on
whether mp3 on falcon would ever be possible. Evl posted a message that
sectorone had made their first working realtime decoder!

The next week followed version 0.80 of FalcAmp. Quickly I leeched the file
from the the web. I had some mp3 (a skinny puppy one for anyone who's
interested =;-)) hanging around on my harddisk. Some drag and drop action
later and òthe ó.ttp ñpumped òmusic óinto ñmy òroom. ðWow!

Sadly the sound didn't appear to be such high quality. The mp3 was a
112Kb/s one, that wasn't the highest quality. Though it appeared to sound
better when played on a GatesMobile. There were some clicks in the sound
and it sounded a bit like a 20KHz sample.

Whenever a newer version came out I got a disk ready and leeched it asap.
Version 0.92 has got an honoured spot on my system. The sound quality
improved alot and it can even be used in a multitasking environment.

I have a CT2 in my system and the performance is quite good. You can easily
use any normal application while FalcAmp is playing. The big advantage over
crappy PC's is that the sound doesn't get fucked when the CPU load gets
higher. ñFucking ace!ð

SectorOne and splash did a great job on this one. They went against all odds
and proved playing mp3's on a standard Falcon IS possible! A big advantage
is that the sound is ónever interruptedð and can easily be used with
multitasking on faster Falcon's!

One downside is the soundquality which is not as good as it could be. Though
the dudes at sectorone are already working on this. I can't wait!! What are
you waiting for: if you still haven't got it, leech it from:
òhttp://falcamp.atari.org!

ñAniplayer v2.08

Already before FalcAmp 0.80 appeared AniPlayer could decode mp3. The problem
was that it needed the fastest falcon system even to just decode in
realtime. The only real use of these early betas was to just decode to an
òAVRð on disk and play that instead.

Ofcourse this takes up heaps of space, about 50MB for an average length
song. Do 50 songs and most of your harddisk is flooded with sample. Wasted
space. Space better used by useful things like JPEG pornpics. Oops? Did I
just say that? I meant ofcourse things like .S sourcecodes =;-)

Okay: let's cutting da craps and continue with the review:

Aniplayer is shareware and as a little motivation I decided to donate the
mere 50FF to the author. It seemed to have payed off. The next version did
play MP3 realtime!!! Well.. ehm, on an accelerated Falcon that is.

Still it is impressive. There seems to be enough cpu-time left to 
succesfully update the screen. I didn't get the chance to test it in a 
multitasking environment, but I suspect that on a CT2 falcon 80% of the
system is used up.

The replay quality is excellent. I don't even have an óexternal DSP clockð.
This is said to improve soundquality and reduce DSP load, the same goes for
FalcAmp. But my compliments to the author. The sound is fingerlickin' good!

Aniplayer certainly came a long way. It does play/show about every sort of
sound, image or animation around and in high quality too. Additional
features like framegrabbing and soundconversions are no exception.

I'd say FalcAmp definetely does win when you're talking about just
replaying MP3's, but Aniplayer is a program in a leage of it's own. The
replay could be a bit less CPU intense, but it's in many ways a perfect
replayer.



This about rounds it up. MP3 is certainly a great new technology and it's
nice to use it on atari. But it's quite funny that this actually became the
standard for audio-exchane. ñMP3 qualityð isn't all that high.

When doing higher bitrates MP2 offers superior soundquality AND it costs
less time to decode. It runs perfect on a bog standard Falcon with óNocrew's
óMP2 decoderð. Which is an ñACCð too. Damn great stuff.

Stay tuned to the whole MPx development on atari. It could turn out to have
a big future ahead.

ñ<---------------------------------------------------------> EarX / fun <--->
