
{*f1IMPARTY 10 REPORT{*f0

Ò  --------------Short report of IMP 10, written by deez-----------------


ÛIMP!!


Thursday night:

I packed down all my falcon and all other stuff needed for a good party, like
sleeping bag and nice clean clothes. I really hate the feeling you get when
you wake up in the morning with a t-shirt sticking to your body, I also
packed a few pair of clean socks (hi felice :)
A not so nice thing was brought to mind while searching my apartment for
useful things to bring; During DHS xmas party I had to sleep on the floor
because I didnt bring anything apart from a sleeping bag, I really didnt want
to make that misstake again. So in the middle of the night I phoned a friend
of mine and asked him to bring something to school the next day, he promised
to have a look.
So now it seemed like everything was ready so I went to bed.

Friday: IMPday!!

Went to school as usual, left right in the middle of mathclass (fourier
series, not very interesting anyway :). By 15.00 I was on the train up to
Gavle to meet Thomas/Newbeat. Around 16.20 I arrived at Gavle Central, I had
a brief look around and outside on the street I met Thomas who had promised
to pick me up in his Volvo 240, real swedish steel! The very same Volvo has
been into the Bergstrom family for quite a few years Thomas told me :)
(I remember that day when I was supposed to drive Thomas' car to ALT-party in
Finland, in short; finnish sidewalks are alot higher from the street than
swedish ones, enough said)

We drove up to Thomas apartment and had a cup of coffee, really nice
apartment! We started packing down all Thomas stuff into his car, he was kind
enough to lend me one of his monitors since bringing a monitor on the train
can really be difficult and heavy, believe me, I've done it a few times.

Half an hour later (around 18.30) we were on our way over to Grangesberg.
We had a quick stop at McDonalds because I hadn't had anything to eat
since lunch.
While on the road again we drove into some fog, I've never seen this kind
of fog before. And this wasnt temporary either, quite a bit of the way over
to IMP was covered with this fog.

At 20.00 or so we arrived at the school where IMP was supposed to be, 
we expected to be the last ones to arrive but that was far from the truth.
Me and Thomas had to look to see who was there. NoCrew, overrepresented as
always, atleast five of those somewhat irritating "goteborgare" :) And as
always they had brought everything they could get their hand on, all kinds
of computers and weird LEGO models! NoBrain showed me a machine gun they had
built, using LEGO and some rubberbands, it was capable of automatic fire!
Other people present at this time was IMPonance (ofcourse), TAM/TOYS, ZPQ
(from #atariscne/swe) and some other, non-atari guys.
As Thomas and I started to unpack our stuff and put together some tables
DHS showed up, with Evil first (and biggest hehe).
After a while of argumenting we could all settle for a nice place to put
our equipment, me in the middle of Thomas and Evil, a quite good position,
giving me a chance to take a peek at coming releases from both DHS and
NEWBEAT. First thing everybody seemed very eager to see more of mine and
Vikings stuff, leftout pieces from Lemon but ofcourse I refused :)
Hopefully you can all see the result at the coming SillyVenture2000 in
Gdansk, Poland this easter.
I noticed that some finns were present, three of them to be exact,
Partycle, Wiztom and Setok.

Me and Thomas went over to the local pizzaplace to make sure we got some
food before they closed for the evening, and I can tell they know how to
make pizzas there! Big and with lots of ham and cheese, ofcourse they
cant match the huge pizzas at EIL'99 but these came pretty close.
I had the intention to make some sort of introscreen at IMP, to make sure
atleast one release but i realized that with both Evil and Thomas hanging
over my neck trying to figure out my mysterious hacks (yeah, right) I
would have serious problems of finishing anything at all! Instead I spent
quite some hours trying to get Evil to show some of his things, and lucky
for me he isnt the kind of guy who would keep everything for himself so
he showed some nice things (probably not his best moves but anyway).

From my very early days I have been using TOS as only operating system
for my ataris and I really wanted to give MiNT a try, and since I
recently bought myself a new SCSI drive I asked Evil to give me a hand
installing MiNT. As Evil is kindness personified he agreed o help me out.

Early in the morning (saturday) I was a proud MiNT user and (almost)
everything had went smoothly, with the excepting of the harddisc driver.
MiNT doesnt really like Cecile (driver from Centek) so we tried to get
HD driver to work, at first everything looked really good, until we
decieded to change some settings in my NVRAM. This proved fatal to my
flashrom of the CT2!! Being totally independent of eachother (atleast
thats what we all thought) nothing should happen to the one when changing
the other, but it did! When we saved the settings in NVRAM the whole
flashrom was reset! So when i booted my falcon Cecile (in the flashboot)
didnt find my harddrive at all! It didnt show any of the SCSI units
active.
At first I was afraid my flashboot was all messed up and I would have
to send my falcon back to Centek (or whats left of it) for some sort
of ROM surgery. We tried to install a newer version of Cecile, reset the
NVRAM, everything that could have any relation to the flashrom but
it was no good. After some time of desperate fighting against the
flashrom ZPQ came over to help, he brought a disc with some suspicious
NVRAM killer or so. He reset the NVRAM once again, this time it was made
fully he told us. We then rebooted the falcon and VOILA! Cecile found
my SCSI, booted up and when HD driver took over and MiNT started I was
happy once again :) Thankyou ZPQ!
By this time I was a bit tired but not too tired to kick Dafvids butt
in some HalfLife - Counter Strike on his beloved Win95 machine *grin*.
At around 7.30 I picked up my sleeping bag to get a few hours of sleep
and some strange ideas of coding went thru my head as a fell asleep.
At 9.00 I rushed out of my sleeping bag for some weird reason, I had a
strange dream about getting up for school! As I slowly realized it was
all a dream I got back into the sleeping bag to get a few hours more
sleep before punishing my falcon with some buggy code.
After 1 hour of trying to get back to sleep I gave up and got up. TAM
met me in our room with his usual grin and for some reason I asked him
if he got some sleep, his answer was obvious to me that I dont know why
I ever bothered to ask him, ofcourse he didnt sleep.

I picked up my towel and headed for the showers, I had heard some rumours
about only cold water and I took it VERY careful when entering the shower.
Still I got a neural chock when the cold water hit me. I convinced my
body that the pain would only last for a few seconds and I slowly turned
on the water again. I didnt realize the water was so cold up north :)

When I came back Evil sat at his place doing some weird coding, dont ask
me what. I powered up my falcon and loaded devpac, found some old source,
including blobs ofcourse. I spend a few hours optimizing it and it really
was a big improvement, hopefully you can see it in our next production.
Evil contined to show falcon demos (he had already showed a few) to Nocrew
and various people. We also had a weird discussion about a strange falcon
with three (or so) PCBs onto the expansion slot! According to Evil and TAM
it included an afterburner, 286 (or 486) card and some diagnostic/debugging
card of some kind. All this was owned by some american guy I think, quite
interested in atari stuff it seems! :)
Thomas was away this day, visiting some relatives so he didnt enjoy the 
excellent meal at the local pizzaplace which this time included discussions
wether Midimaze was better/worse than Quake. I have to say I really prefer
Quake if I have to choose one of the above but the rest of the people didnt
agree with me. Midimaze is really cool, but I rather have a killing party
in the classroom with Counter Strike or so. When Thomas came back he
continued working on FlexTrax and quite alot of work and bugfixing was done
during this party, nice work Thomas! Me and Evil did some demorelated coding
while Stefan from Nocrew sat beside terrorizing us with everything from
bad to incredibly bad ideas of what to include in our demos.
As I wrote above I had the intention to finish one release during this IMP,
as time went by and passed 22.00 on saturday I realized that I had once again
failed, not much to do about it though.
My train would leave Gavle at 16.15 so me and Thomas would have to leave the
party at 14.00, not later atleast so I at around 00.00 decieded to go to bed
to get some sleep, get up early in the morning the next day and code a bit.
So once again I grabbed my sleeping bag and went to bed. This night I slept
alot better and the whole night. I woke up at around 10.00 and went to wake
up Thomas. This time they said they had fixed hot water for the showers,
I was a bit suspicious at first, was it all a lie? No, it wasnt a lie, this
time I could enjoy a shower with hot water.

After this nice shower I walked around the place a bit (well, three classrooms
but anyway, to get a last look at everything. Nocrew was busy as always doing
nothing (almost) and Ajje had some LEGO Mindstorm things in front of him, I
really have to say that LEGO is nice! Even nicer is the Mindstorm Robolab,
enabling one to build robots and program them to move or do thing according
to some lines of code and to react on its environment using light/touch
sensors.

The clock closed up to 13.30 and me and Thomas started packing our stuff and
fitting it into the car again. We said goodbye to everybody and headed out
on the swedish wastelands towards Gavle and my waiting train.
Soon we realized that we didnt have that much time as we though we had, only
a little more than two hours until my train would leave and I really didnt
feel like missing it. To improve speed a bit Thomas kicked in the last
afterburner and this did the whole thing, we now crossed the holy limit of
100km/h that seemed almost impossible with the Volvo just a few days ago :)
At exactly 16.00 we arrived at the train station, me and Thomas said goodbye
and I went out to wait for the train that would take me back to my dear bed.
Because by now I was so tired I could hardly stand on my legs. I fell asleep
on the train and this story ends here, by me arriving to Stockholm after a
very nice IMP party with alot of nice people and cool discussions.
I am really looking forward to the next IMP, in 6 months if everything goes
well.


Some of the timestamps here might not be all true because I am writing this
only days before the release of UCM #19.
Thankyou for making the event: Thomas, Evil, Tam, IMP and all the rest!

/Fredrik Egeberg




