
 {*f1MAGGIE 28{*f0
 
 When we started to think that we would never see another issue of MAGGIE, 
 volume 28 came out of the dark and took us by surprise, almost òa yearð after 
 volume 27...
 
 The first and nice thing to note is the presence of a small intro : yet I'm 
 still not sure the intro is really "STE only" as labelled (and I cannot see why 
 it'd be ??). This intro brought by a new crewó - KUA -ð comes from Greece, yes 
 there are also ST users there ! Cool. The intro itself isn't too cool... It 
 starts with a chip you can identify as the loading tune of Do Things ie a Tao 
 composition. What I don't get is why the coder used such a short music that 
 loops after less than a minute ! Anyway... Hundreds of coloured and unreadable 
 letters are stacked onto your screen and after a while you manage to read "GGN 
 of KUA". It is followed up by a vertical green scrolltext that reads like a 
 listing (seen Matrix or Ghost In The Shell ??). Some more info to be read... 
 Then green vector balls come and spin around forming a sort of spiral. It's so 
 green ! Finally the balls will move until they form a M28 shape. The rest of 
 the intro is a repeat of the fx described above with minor changes. All in one, 
 the intro isn't bad : the music is cool but too short, the code isn't bad but 
 dreadfully lacks design and the colors suck, really. Beside the crude green 
 used in every screen I don't think I have noticed any other... Anyway I hope we 
 will see more from Greece soon !
 
ñ Back to Maggie 28 itself :ð no difference has been brought to the wellknown 
 interface. You'll get the usual background picture (here a rendered pic showing 
 a boat and a couple of dolphins fooling around) with a single but pleasant 
 soundchip by MSG. As usual ò- unfortunately - ðthe colors used in the text boxes 
 are too bright to be pleasant and can create some eye strains...
 
 You'll also find the usual sections such as : demos, games, utilities, parties 
 reports, Eddiecat, interviews, game cheating, charts and so forth. The style 
 hasn't changed either so you know what to expect, ie high quality English 
 written articles and reviews. Surely the most interesting feature regarding 
 this issue lies in the gap between M27 and M28. Let me explain : Maggie 27 was 
 released in February '99 and since then our Atari Scene has lived through great 
 events and great releases. Maggie 28 captures this feelings as we are offered 
 reports about Atari parties such as Error In Line, NAS... This feeling is also 
 strengthened by the reviews of the demos released over the year 99 : virtual 
 escape, madness, suretrip, ATS, Alive... The lastest reviews include demos 
 released in early '00. Though all these demos have been reviewed in issues of 
 UCM I like to read them again and have another point of view.
 
 I have also enjoyed reading the interviews of NUT and HAVOC, the game corner 
 and the numerous articles included. 
 
 To put it in a nutshell MAGGIE 28 both fills the one year gap with various and 
 vivid articles and also brings enough novelty to keep you interested all along. 
 I won't comment on the charts, esp when reading that UCM and MAGGIE both ranked 
 first as 'best diskmags' :P On the low side of things, I really don't like the 
 shell and its unbearable bright colors, the music is nice but you will turn the 
 sound down very quickly, byt hey this is Maggie ;)
 
 Anyway óGET ITð because it's worth reading. Congratulations to òCiHð for this huge 
 almost one man work (btw is there a language in which "main editor" means 
 "slave" ? ;)
 
ñ ----------------------------------------------------------------------- STS ---
 
 