
ñ                               Application review

{*f1N.AES 2.0{*f0


ñIntroductionğ
------------
Did it ever happen to you that you a lot of your friends bought some stuff and
considered it great that never appealed to you ? Did you find yourself lost in
endless debates between your friends about this current hyper-product you had
really no interest in ?
Well, if that sounds familiar, picture yourself as a happy ñSingleTOSğ-User
on IRC #atariscne (Hi Thomas :-), surrounded by ñMiNTğ-fanatics.
You are constantly told how great ñMiNTğ (and all related products) are, how
cool, how reliable, how efficient and how dumb you are that you are still using
the plain stupid ñSingleTOSğ, which seems to be only good enough if ñMiNTğ has
- heaven forbid - caused some trouble and some òINFğ- or òCNFğ- or basically
any of the ò/etcğ-files need to be altered.

Well, anyway, i finally decided to òbuyğ ñN.AES 2.0ğ by òWoller Systemeğ 
from Berlin because i thought it would be nice to support the ñN.AESğ 
development and because the CD features a lot of ñMiNTğ-stuff as well. So i 
considered it a good idea to have a look myself and this is my first 
impression.
Of course an operating system as essential as ñN.AES 2.0ğ can't be tested in 
a week so this is more a preliminary review.


ñContent of the packageğ
----------------------
Even i had the original package of ñWindowsğ in my hand. The manual sled out 
of the package and fell on my foot which was blue after that for about one 
week. Even if the ñWindows 3.1ğ-manual contains only junk, there óisğ a 
manual. When we ordered a copy of ñSuSE Linuxğ for a few computers at the 
office, we were told that we mainly pay for the documentation - which is one 
of ñSuSEğ's strong points - and the support.
Guess how much documentation you get with ñN.AES 2.0ğ.
None.
Zero.
Nothing.
Nichts.
Nada.
ñN.AES 2.0ğ is being shipped in a more or less plain blue òDVDğ-box, 
containing nothing but the CD-ROM.
Well, that makes "Open the box and see if all of the content listed below is 
in it" really easy. CD-ROM is there, nothing else, so let's get started.


ñThe CD-ROMğ
----------
After putting in the CD-ROM and booting my Falcon, i opened drive P:, which 
is my CD-ROM (a trusty Toshiba, that only decided to kill me once so far but 
luckily failed) and found nothing besides a ñMiNTğ-folder on it.
Cool.
This ñMiNTğ-folder contains only packed files named òETC_SBIN.TGZğ or
òBIN.TGZğ, but no ñN.AESğ-related files and no documentation either. I found 
the "competitors" ñXaAESğ and ñoAESisğ though.
Remembering that my CD-ROM refused to load the ñNeoNğ CD-ROM once as well i 
considered installing another CD-ROM driver. So far i was running òURAnğ's
ñBetaDOSğ and had no problems yet.
I decided to go for ñExtenDOS Proğ - which was advertised as the best for 
ñSingleTOSğ by lots of people. And since i could not run ñN.AESğ yet i dug 
out the archive somewhere and installed it.
No changes to report. The ñN.AESğ CD-ROM still seems only to contain the 
lonely ñMiNTğ-folder.
Back to ñBetaDOSğ, but this time with òHard & Softğ's ñCD-Toolsğ drivers.
And suddenly, the ñN.AESğ CD-ROM contains something.

Not too much to read about on the CD-ROM though - there still isn't one 
single òREAD.MEğ or òREADME.1STğ on the CD-ROM. The only òHypertextğ i can 
find on the root directory is the one for the òSetupğ-program, but this 
hypertext isn't about ñN.AESğ but about the ñGEM-Setupğ by Joachim Fornallaz 
and doesn't help me much.
The only executable file i can find is the òSETUP.PRGğ so my choice is very 
limited. Let's go.

ñThe Installationğ
----------------
Like ñMultiTOSğ (i'll get back to that later), ñN.AESğ is mainly intended 
for people who don't like to screw around in òINIğ, òCNFğ or ò/etcğ-files.
Luckily, the installer of òN.AESğ claims to do all those nasty jobs for you 
so you only need to do a few clicks and reboot.
Actually, the installer is a more generalized ñGEMğ-installer and not purely 
intended for installing ñN.AESğ.
Even though it scans a lot of pathes and lets you select a lot of pathes on 
startup, it hung up a few times without any error message when i tried the 
first times.
It reported a few odd error messages when i skipped some ñAUTO-ğfolder 
programs but finally, it ran.
Now comes the good-looking part.
A few menus let you select ówhatğ you want to install ówhereğ, what pathes 
the system knows about so far. You can even select funky submenus and thus 
set detailed parameters for the exact installation.
Unfortunately, at no point so far the user has been told anything detailed 
about òwhatğ is going to be installed òwhereğ. Okay, you can set the pathes 
but you're not being told what you essentially need, what the different 
utilities are and wether you want them or not. A bit documentation would 
have been nice but there is ónoneğ.
So finally, there is really no other choice than clicking the "Go" button.
Here goes.

My Falcon was busy some time, depacking the archives and copying all the 
essential stuff to where it belongs. This is presented very nice with a few 
dialogue-boxes that tell you what the installer currently does and how 
things procede.
All of a sudden, i am being asked for an additional pathname, but i am not 
being told what this pathname shall be used for. Guess what - no readme-file
or online-help tells me either.
I still haven't found out why this path-name has to be entered as it is the 
path where ñN.AES 2.0ğ itself is going to be installed to. Again, you'll 
only find this out when you install it a second time.
My first installation of ñN.AES 2.0ğ ended in òC:\MULTITOS\NAES.20\SETUP\ğ
where i didn't want to have it in the first place.
Since i considered that the installer was also setting up pathnames in the 
config-files i decided to redo the installation.

Once the installer is done, it tells you that everything has been done and 
that you only need to reboot to activate ñN.AES 2.0ğ.
Pushing the reset button ...


ñThe first impressionğ
--------------------
Okay, so ñN.AES 2.0ğ was supposed to be installed and yes, my boot-selector 
reports that there is a ñMINTNP.PRGğ in my ñAUTOğ-Folder. Good.
After the boot-sequence i find myself surprised in the normal ñSingleTOSğ-
desktop. Did i forget to install ñThingğ and ñN.AESğ decided to boot the 
ñGEM Desktopğ instead ?
Definetly not as the ñAESğ in the Falcon's ROM is not capable of 
òmultitaskingğ and hence is not really suitable to work with ñMiNTğ.
A short look at the remaining memory made it clear: Either ñN.AESğ consumes 
no memory at all or has not been loaded at all.

At the office, i maintain our ñUnixğ-machines a little, a few older òIBM 
òAIXğ-machines and a few more up-to-date òDigital Unixğ-workstations and i 
personally consider myself not too dumb when it comes to setting up a òUnixğ 
or a òUnix-likeğ system.
So i remembered something about a òMINT.CNFğ-file that has to be put either 
into the root- or a directory called òMULTITOSğ.
Look there.
No òMINT.CNFğ in neither of those directories.

At that time, i was slowly, but surely getting a little angry.
There is no documentation on the CD-ROM that is at least a bit helpful. The 
installer looks nice, but is obviously not really suitable to install a 
complete operating system - not to mention the prompt for an additional path 
that has been asked for some time ago.
The installer didn't create an appropriate òMINT.CNFğ-file that featured my 
selection of pathes, it didn't even copy a non-working òMINT.CNFğ-file 
somewhere.
Unwilling to write an òMINT.CNFğ-file myself, i reran the installer, my only 
way of influencing the installation, óagainğ - sharply looking if i maybe 
missed some options i should have done or parameters i should have entered.
Negative.
I did all i could do to control the installation and it did still not work.

I used to make fun of people who reinstall òWindows 95ğ over and over again.
I should be more careful now that i installed ñN.AES 2.0ğ three times in one 
day myself.


ñOn the huntğ
------------

Well, at least now there is an òNAES.HYPğ on my harddisk that gives me some 
hint of what to do.
In a more or less side-trip it tells me that i should have a file called 
òMINT.CNFğ in a folder called ñMULTITOSğ and that this should feature an 
entry called GEM=C:\somewhere\N_AES.SYS.
Of course i have no N_AES.SYS in any of my directories.
But i was wise enough to realise that i should enter N_AES030.SYS there.
Where ?
There is only one explanatory òMINT.CNFğ-file on the CD-ROM somewhere and it 
does neither load ñN.AESğ nor anything i wanted to fiddle around with for 
now. I just wanted to run ñN.AESğ, not a complete multi-user networking
operating system with lots of different file-systems.
Luckily i remembered my good old òMultiTOSğ-installation on some of my 
disks. There i found a short, but precise òMINT.CNFğ that didn't feature any 
entries i couldn't follow. 
I only commented òSpeedUpğ out and put the óGEM=ğ-entry in it and set the 
óAESğ and óTHINGDIRğ-environment variables in it.
There. Let's boot it again.

This time i was more lucky.
I was greeted with a few ñMiNTğ-like lines during boot-up and shortly after 
that, ñN.AES 2.0ğ showed me its introductory message. It crashed more or 
less immediatelly afterwards since Videlity needs to be either called from 
within ñMiNTğ or after ñMiNTğ from the ñAUTO-ğfolder.
But that can be excused, so i reran everything without Videlity.

This time, ñN.AES 2.0ğ booted - but it didn't go very far.
The òN_AES.CNFğ-file was right where it was supposed to be, but it didn't 
feature my pathes but some kind of standard-pathes. This way, ñN.AES 2.0ğ
of course couldn't find essential files and didn't boot the way it was 
supposed to.
Obviously, the installer did not only fail to put a proper òMINT.CNFğ where 
it belongs but also didn't bother to change any of the entries in the 
òN_AES.CNFğ-file.
Okay, back to ñSingleTOSğ, back to ñEverestğ, back to manually changing the 
entries in the config-files, back to another reboot.

Welcome to ñN.AES 2.0ğ - which started with an error-message.
It wasn't ñN.AESğ that generated that error-message but ñTosGem2ğ, a program 
that redirects TOS-console output into windows, a bit similar to X-Windows 
on òUnix/Linuxğ-machines.
This program is called from within the òNAES.CNFğ-file and considers itself 
in a multi-user, full ñMiNTğ-environment. Since i chose to ónotğ go that 
far, it couldn't find any of the user-relevant data so it gave me an error- 
message.
Rescanning the òN_AES.CNFğ-file a few times, asking some people on IRC and 
some logical thinking made it obvious that the parameter ó-lğ, which 
appeared right behind the òTOSGEM2.APPğ in the òN_AES.CNFğ-file probably 
means ò-loginğ and thus makes òTosGem2ğ look for the user-information.
Of course there is no single line in any of the hypertexts about ñTosGem2ğ.

Finally, i managed to get a running installation of ñN.AES 2.0ğ.


ñConclusion so farğ
-----------------
I am very very very disappointed about the basic presentation, the supply of 
documentation and the installer ñN.AES 2.0ğ comes with.

First it is not a trivial procedure to get the contents of the CD-ROM. Why 
did it have to be a multi-session CD ? I see no reason for it. Perhaps i am 
picky and ignorant to not run ñSpin!ğ - but if that is a necessity to get 
the content of the CD-ROM, i would have at least put a label on the CD 
itself "Recommended to use with Spin!" or something.

Second, there is no printed documentation anywhere. Okay, i agree that there 
is probably no need for printed documentation due to the massive amount of 
documentation that could be put on the CD (even if there is practically none 
available at the beginning) - but at least one sheet of paper telling the 
user how to run the installer and what pathnames to set wouldn't have been 
too much to ask for - especially as the CD-ROM costs something around 80.-
Euro, which is not really óthatğ cheap.

Third, the installer just plainly sucks.
I correct myself: The installer is actually quite neat and i don't blame 
Joachim Fornallaz for the fact that it does not do its job well with ñN.AES 
ñ2.0ğ.
The installer is simply being abused a little here and has probably not been 
setup by the ñN.AESğ-creators themselves. It tends to hang up, it asks for a 
pathnames without any comment in the middle of the installation and worst of 
all, it does ónotğ change any of the pathes in the òMINT.CNFğ or the 
òN_AES.CNFğ - which i personally consider the main task i run this installer 
for. Extracting the files into preselected directories is not too hard to do 
with a shell-based depacker like ñLHarc 3.10ğ, but putting in all the 
correct pathes is something i wanted to have an installer for.
I had to do it myself though.
I also consider it very very annoying that the installer terminates itself 
with the message that the system needs to be rebooted only to start ñN.AESğ 
because this is simply a lie.

Installation of ñN.AES 2.0ğ is no fun at all, the user finds himself left 
helpless inside a huge package of archives he is not being told details 
about. Without a basic knowledge of ñMiNTğ (or Unix-like systems in common), 
the user is more or less doomed to screw up his ñN.AES 2.0ğ installation 
several times.
Once the òN_AES.HYPğ-files have been extracted, things brighten up a bit as 
there is some information about all the modules that come with ñN.AES 2.0ğ 
and also about how the òN_AES.CNFğ works, but at this point, the user has 
been tortured with missing documentation and uncommented steps in the 
installation procedure to the max.
A lot more sense for details would have been necessary here to make the 
installation more suitable. 
Even i could code a small program in GFA-Basic that lets the user select a 
few pathes and put those names into the ò.CNFğ-files afterwards, so why 
does ñN.AES 2.0ğ refuse to do this simple job during the installation ?!
There could be at least óoneğ small installation guide on paper to tell the 
user how to operate the installer - especially as it is a bit bumpy.
Even without no printed documentation there óshouldğ have been some 
unpacked, readable files on the CD-ROM the user can cling to in case his 
first attempts of installation fail.

But there is none and so the first insights into the wonderful world of 
ñN.AES 2.0ğ are covered in large black clouds that spoil all the fun.



ñN.AES 2.0 itselfğ
----------------

ñN.AES 2.0ğ itself is being advertised as "The fast MultiTOS".
So how fast is it ? How much memory does it consume ? What comes with it ?
How well does it run ? Is it reliable ?
With the main competitor being ñMagiC!ğ, ñN.AES 2.0ğ is -even though i don't
like ñMagiCğ very much - in pretty tight competition. I installed ñMagiC 4.0ğ
a while ago for test purposes and i think i still have an evaluation copies
out of my "commercial" times at òSolution Softwareğ somewhere.

With ñMiNTğ running beneath ñN.AES 2.0ğ, it has a very much òUnix-likeğ 
operating system as a solid basis. However, the one who runs ñN.AES 2.0ğ is 
usually less interested in the capabilities of ñMiNTğ than in the 
capabilities of ñN.AES 2.0ğ in conjunction with ñMiNTğ. Therefore, this is 
not going to be a full ñMiNTğ-review, only as far as it concerns ñN.AES 
2.0ğ.

After booting ñMiNTğ and ñN.AES 2.0ğ, you usually find yourself in the midst 
of a user-interface called ñN.Thingğ by òThomas Binderğ (since v1.09).
The first visible differences to the original ñGEMğ are the completely new 
but in-animated colour icons, 3D-windows with òMac-likeğ stripes on them, an 
additional 3rd button on the right side of the title-bar of each window, 
realtime sliders and realtime movement of filled windows.
So these funky gadgets are really part of the ñAESğ and thus ñN.AES 2.0ğ.
Additionally, you find a drive called òU:ğ on your desktop which hides a few 
very interesting secrets but are usually not too interesting in someone 
not interested in the interiors of ñMiNTğ.
The second visible differences to the original ñGEMğ is the fact that the 
desktop doesn't disappear when you load a ñGEM-programğ. And why should it ?
This is a multitasking system, why should the desktop stop when you run an 
application ? This is not too new though as even the old ñMultiTOSğ did 
that.

Basically, to cut a long story short, picture ñMultiTOSğ in a very very neat 
replacement desktop and you have a good picture of what ñN.AES 2.0ğ looks 
and feels like - the slogan "The fast MultiTOS" is not that far from 
reality.
òBut how fast is it ?
You'll find the benchmarks below. I'd like to talk a bit about the "feel" of 
its speed. It surely outruns the original ñMultiTOSğ - but that wasn't a 
real challenge. Even if you run only 1 application (for example ñGEMBenchğ)
ñN.AES 2.0ğ "steals" itself between 5 and 10% CPU-time.
That's not too bad. ñMultiTOSğ fakes itself some better values here but only 
due to the fact that ñGEMBenchğ is allowed to totally slaughter all other 
jobs running which is not allowed within ñN.AES 2.0ğ.
But who wants to run one simple job within a system like this ? No one. So i 
started them all at once. I had the ñAPEX JPeg compression utilityğ work, 
played òMario Becroft'sğ ñGEM-Asteroidsğ via keyboard while at the same time 
Everest searched and replaced a few characters in a far too long text and i 
also played around in ñN.Thingğ a little with the mouse.
After that i can fully agree to òWoller'sğ slogan "The ófastğ MultiTOS".
Even though the ñAPEX JPEG Compressorğ is not very clean, even though i 
abused keyboard and mouse for 2 totally different jobs i have to admit that 
the system - even ñGEM-Asteroidsğ stayed at a reasonable speed and supplied 
a reasonable response to anything i requested from it.
If left alone, it tends to appear slightly slower than ñMagiCğ, but when 
kicked with a few time-intensive (and less time-intensive) jobs, the power 
of ñMiNTğ seems to kick in and keep the system alive.

òBut how reliable is it ?ğ
This is hard to tell. ñN.AES 2.0ğ crashed a few times on me. Even programs 
that cooperate under ñSingleTOSğ (one as acc, one as main program) tend to 
create problems under ñN.AES 2.0ğ. But that might also be the fault of
running ñMiNTğ without a memory protection or running an outdated harddisk-
driver named ñHuSHiğ which doesn't handle òIDE-disksğ very well anyway.
But ñMultiTOSğ didn't crash less often whenever i tried it and i never ran 
ñMagiCğ long enough to give a detailed answer here, but even the few times i 
ran it, it crashed a few times just as well.
Generally speaking, all ócleanğ applications run fine next to each other 
under ñN.AES 2.0ğ. Software, that is intended for use with ñMagiCğ for 
instance, will run fine on ñN.AES 2.0ğ in most cases just as well.
For running games or demos, booting ñN.AES 2.0ğ is just a waste of memory. 
Demos/Games will either not run on it or behave very strange and even if 
they do, you can be sure all your background tasks are being dumped just as 
well.

òBut how much memory does it consume ?ğ
Difficult to answer. When ñN.AES 2.0ğ loads, it also loads -by default- a 
few nice utilities, like for example ñTosGem2ğ, ñMultiStripğ and of course
ñN.Thingğ. Odd as it sounds, ñN.Thingğ is relatively modest, consuming 
something between 600k and 1.5 MB, even though it is feature packed. 
Nevertheless, since a replacement desktop is ónecessaryğ to run with ñN.AES 
2.0ğ, you can either settle for an even more modest replacement desktop like 
for example ñTeradeskğ - which doesn't have half of the features that 
ñThingğ offers, if you want to reserve more memory.
ñN.AES 2.0ğ itself reports to reserve around 1 MB for itself. ñTosGem2ğ 
stays modest with about 200k, however, MultiStrip needs additional 150k.
In comparison to ñMagiCğ, i would personally judge ñN.AES 2.0ğ a little more 
memory hungry than its direct competitor. That is not even hard to 
understand because first, ñMagiCğ contains multitasking kernel and AES more 
or less in one piece while ñN.AES 2.0ğ is based on ñMiNTğ, which is more a 
full unixlike operating system basis than a highly specialised OS-kernel 
like ñMagiCğ. Then, ñMagiCğ automatically runs the less flexible and less 
feature packed ñMagXDeskğ on startup which consumes less memory than ñN.Thingğ
does, but doesn't offer as many features. If you decide to run the current 
version of ñJinneeğ however, kiss your memory good-bye.
Running ñN.AES 2.0ğ on anything but a ó4 MBğ is totally senseless. You might 
get it to work on a ó2 MBğ machine, but you won't have enough RAM left to 
run larger applications - even on a very very basic setup.
On a ó4 MBğ system, ñN.AES 2.0ğ is not really very much fun either. You can 
run a few things on it then, but no major applications and especially not 
several major applications at once.
A ó14 MBğ Falcon is something ñN.AES 2.0ğ runs on nicely. You have between 
ó11 MBğ and ó9 MBğ left for applications, depending on your system-setup.
Considering the fact that ñN.AES 2.0ğ was rather intended to be used with the 
current òHadesğ or òMilanğ Atari-clones which can go beyond ó64 MBğ easily,
i personally would consider ñN.AES 2.0ğ rather modest in memory usage.


òBut how compatible is it ?ğ
This is a split question: Compatible to what ? Basically, any kind of ñAtari 
STğ-software runs. Like said before, óGamesğ and óDemosğ will either refuse 
to work, hang up the system or behave very funny, but concerning the fact 
that some (especially older) demos even screw up on modern ñTOSğ like 2.06, 
this is not really surprising.
Being based on the unix-like ñMiNTğ, ñN.AES 2.0ğ can even do tricks that 
ñSingleTOSğ or ñMagiCğ can't do in a similar way, like excellent ópipingğ,
óforkingğ - As far as i know, ñMagiCğ can do similar, but not following the 
usual óUnixğ-protocols. This of course makes ñN.AES 2.0ğ compatible to all 
the funky software you can find in óftp.funet.fi/pub/atari/mintğ that you 
always wondered about.
Running the óBASHğ for example, my favourite command line interpreter, a 
shell, is as simple as running other little utilities and programs that 
originated from the óUnixğ-hemisphere (BASH = óBğourne óAğgain óSğHell).
There are quite some other programs for ñMiNTğ only as they are "cross- 
compilates" from óUnix/Linuxğ - meaning that their source-code has been 
compiled under ñMiNTğ and due to the fact that these programs usually only 
do òconsole-inputğ and òconsole-outputğ, they run fine under ñN.AES 2.0ğ, 
with ñTosGem2ğ (or any other console-output redirection program) even in a 
window.
This way you get more or lest the best of both worlds, ñMiNTğ and ñGEMğ, 
which for example ñMagiCğ can't offer that way. However, there seem to be 
some (very rare) programs especially written for ñMagiCğ. Those of course 
can't and won't run on ñN.AES 2.0ğ.


ñPreliminary conclusionğ
----------------------
Let's compare the replacement operating systems available for the óAtari ST,
óSTE, TT and Falconğ computer series, shall we:

			TOS	MTOS	N.AES	MagiC	Geneva	MiNT	hint
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stored in		ROM	Disk	Disk	Disk	Disk	Disk
Based on		-	MiNT	MiNT	-	-	-	(0)
preemptive Multitask.	No	Yes	Yes	Yes	No	Yes
cooperative Multitask.	No	No	No	No	Yes	No
Unixlike		No	Yes	Yes	No	No	Yes

Memory usage		++	+	-	+	+	+   	
Reliability		++	-	+	+	-	++
Speed			++	-	+	+	++	++
System maintenance	++	+	+	0	0	+       (1)
System transparence	++	++	++	0	0	++	(2)
Flexibility		--	-	++	0	0	++	(3)
Installation		++	+	--	++	++		(4)
Upgrading		--	+	++	+	+	++	(5)
Compatibility to
- Normal TOS/GEM apps	++	+	++	++	++	--	(6)
- MiNT-apps		--	++	++	-	-	++	(7)
- MagiC-apps		--	--	--	++	--	--	(8)

Hints:	(1)	This considers questions like: Do i have to reboot often ?
		Do crashed applications leave junk on the harddisk ? Do i 
		have to manually change entries in certain config-files ?
		Can i access system-config files ? Are there many parameters
		to handle ?
	(2)	This more or less means how easy it is to see through the
		system's structure, if essential config-files can be 
		accessed/read/altered and if so, what consequences does
		that imply ?
	(3)	Flexibility means how easy it is to alter essential parts of
		the operating system, like device-drivers, file-systems,
		network-protocols (if any), leave out or add utilities or
		parts of the operating system etc.
	(4)	Usually, a replacement is nowadays installed by an 
		installer. This point should evaluate how easy it is to
		work with this installer, if the installer creates a fully
		working system or if some other things have to be done by
		hand.
	(5)	Upgrading means installing the newest version upon the old
		one. In TOS this means exchaning ROMs, in all other cases
		it means accessing/altering potentially essential system-
		files.
	(6)	A normal TOS/GEM app is usually any application written for
		the Atari ST, STE, TT and Falcon series.
	(7)	MiNT-apps are usually Unix/Linux-programs that have been
		compiled under MiNT. There are some like for example shells,
		file-system drivers, network-drivers, some utilities etc.
	(8)	There are some very rare applications that have been 
		intended for usage on MagiC only.
		
	(0)	Geneva is a cooperatively multitasking operating system, but
		it can be used together with MiNT for MiNT compatibility and
		preemptive multitasking.

This list is based on my personal impressions. If i am completely utterly 
wrong, please let me know and i will of course rectify it. If i just have 
happend to object to your personal opinion, feel free to write your own 
article about ñN.AES 2.0ğ in the forthcoming issues of òUCMğ.



ñComparison to other multitasking replacement operating systemsğ
---------------------------------------------------------------

òN.AES 2.0 and MagiCğ
Both have their pros and cons. Due to the tacky installer of ñN.AES 2.0ğ and 
the relatively large amount of parameters to control within it, ñMagiCğ may 
be the better choice for people just wanting a reliable and quick 
multitasking operating system who consider this question a question of 
rational reasons and facts and not a religios discussion.
Of course - since ñN.AES 2.0ğ is based on ñMiNTğ, the possibilities of the 
operating system are a lot more expanded than ñMagiCğ can offer. However, 
for most jobs in the everyday life of an Atari user, ñN.AES 2.0ğ will do the 
required jobs just as well as ñMagiCğ does. Of course, ñMagiCğ isn't as 
flexible as ñN.AES 2.0ğ is, but again, this is totally uninteresting for a 
simple user like me.
ñN.AES 2.0ğ may seem a little more complicated due to the hierarchical and 
consequent ñMiNTğ-structure. This gives the user more power of his own 
system that ñMagiCğ likes to keep for itself. However, people who are scared 
of editing system-relevant config-files by hand should probably stick to 
ñMagiCğ until òWollerğ gets the installer of ñN.AES 2.0ğ done

òN.AES and Genevağ
ñGenevağ is not in the same league as ñN.AES 2.0ğ is. ñGenevağ is 
cooperative instead of preemptive, causing trouble with some older 
applications, even though ñGenevağ has relatively good ways of preventing 
certain multitasking-unfriendly applications from blocking the system beyond 
control. ñGenevağ tends to be a little more compatible to some TOS/GEM 
applications due to the fact that it is more similar to ñTOSğ than ñN.AES ğ
ñ2.0ğ is. But since this only counts for really old and odd applications 
like ñDegasEliteğ, ñCyberPaintğ etc, this point is not really essential.
In contrast to that, ñN.AES 2.0ğ is more reliable, more flexible, easier to 
control and of course offers everything that ñMiNTğ offers.
Geneva runs with ñMiNTğ as well, but even then Geneva is inferior to ñN.AES 
2.0ğ due to its less flexible structure and maybe the fact that it 
originally has been designed for different purposes.

òN.AES and MultiTOSğ
Not a fair comparison. It's obvious that the authors of ñN.AES 2.0ğ have 
learned a lot from the mistakes done within ñMultiTOSğ. ñMultiTOSğ isn't 
anywhere as fast as ñN.AES 2.0ğ is and hangs up a lot more often. It tends 
to be a little more incompatible (at least i had to experience that, but 
maybe that's just my bad luck) and additionally, it doesn't use the features 
of ñMiNTğ very well - in contrast to ñN.AES 2.0ğ, which does exactly that.
ñMultiTOSğ is on the other hand less memory hungry, brings its own 
replacement desktop which is modest in memory usage and can be made a little 
quicker by using ñSpeedUpğ (which does not solve the basic speed problem in 
ñMultiTOSğ though).
The only excuse to run ñMultiTOSğ instead of ñN.AES 2.0ğ is if you definetly 
need to run a multitasking AES on a 2 MB/4 MB machine and don't want to use 
ñMagiCğ at all cost.



ñFinal conclusionğ
----------------
I was a happy ñSingleTOSğ-user.
I bought ñN.AES 2.0ğ to see what it's like and to support its development.
I installed it.
I toyed around with it.
I worked (currently write this) with it.
But it didn't get me away from ñSingleTOSğ. Even though pretty quick, pretty 
reliable and pretty flexible, ñN.AES 2.0ğ is a little less quick, a little
less reliable than ñSingleTOSğ is. Accessories have crashed when being used 
together with a certain application under ñN.AES 2.0ğ that run happily 
together under ñSingleTOSğ. ñN.Thingğ has suddently terminated itself in the 
middle of a data-operating where ñThingğ doesn't crash.
The reboot/shutdown sequence can hang up and if you don't setup your 
res-changer program properly, it might hang your system up under ñN.AES 2.0ğ 
which doesn't happen under ñSingleTOSğ.
To put it in a nutshell: I still prefer ñSingleTOSğ together with a few 
accessories. It does everything i need, it did it well the past 10 years, it 
will still do that in the future and i will be using it most of the time in 
the future.
However, ñMiNTğ, ñN.AES 2.0ğ and ñN.Thingğ are impressive and i can't say i 
am sorry that i have purchased this set. ñMiNTğ is extremely flexible and 
allows you to turn your òAtariğ into a unix-like workstation featuring a set 
of compilers, file-systems, tools, utilities, making it a multitasking, 
multithreading, multiuser operating system.
ñN.AES 2.0ğ is -in my eyes- the correct AES to go with if you want to run 
TOS/GEM applications on ñMiNTğ. It is surely more compatible and reliable 
than the free ñXaAESğ and ñoAESisğ and it features a lot of goodies.
ñN.Thingğ is an excellent desktop that has everything i need and has a lot 
more that i don't really need, but like to have. In fact, i enjoyed ñThingğ 
so much that i registered for it to use it under ñSingleTOSğ as well.

òBTW, as i write these final lines, ñN.AES 2.0ò has totally and hopelessly 
òcrashed and i had to reboot. Thus i am finishing this article under 
ñSingleTOSò.

òWollerğ needs to fix that installer badly as it totally spoiled my first 
impression of ñN.AES 2.0ğ - it can't be that hard to write a decent shell 
for an LHarc-extractor, can it ?
Otherwise, i will stay happy with ñSingleTOSğ and if decide to need a 
multitasking system, i can boot ñN.AES 2.0ğ.


				ñThe Paranoidğ
				  òParanoiağ
			 ó(from the Lunatic Asylum)ğ
			 òThink you can handle it ?!ğ
			 

P.S.:	Which operating system you run on your Atari however is no longer a
	question of logic and ration, but a religious question.
	Certain people tend to behave a little like Micro$oft, permanently
	and constantly telling everyone how special, fantastic and great a
	certain OS is and how we all need to upgrade/switch to it, even if
	we don't like to.
	Advertising one certain operating system is one point. Insulting
	other people who refuse to install that certain operating system
	out of their own personal reasons is another.
	I don't think we need that in our small scene.
	It's good that we have so many different operating systems on our
	beloved machines and it is good that they compete with each other.
	Let everyone run the operating system one likes best and don't call
	him dumb if that's not your favourite operating system.
