
{*f1SIRIUS B REVISITED{*f0

         ñ ------------- tSCc is emptying their antic  -------
    
    
    I'm not going to òwasteð too much time on this review... Some weeks ago MC 
Laser, only survivor of tSCc, gave away a bundle of unreleased screens. When 
downloading it, I was secretly hoping to see some of Llama's unseen screens like 
his contributions to the RESURRECTION project. I happen to have 3 screens on my 
HD with Llama's permission and I thought he had at last decided to make them 
public, but I was óso wrong...ð

    This archive reminds me more of a HD cleaning : "hum I need more space, then 
what crap should I get rid of ? Let's zip that and send it away...". Surely the 
best thing about this "collection" is the textfile which features the usual MCL 
touch and sense of design. As for the rest here is the content of this archive 
courtesy of the infofile written by MC Laser :


     ñ* BIGBLOW.ð One of the first games by Dynacore before he joined TSCC.
       It's for monochrome monitors and should work on ST/E/FALCON.
     ñ* LSRDCFONT.ð A Big colour font. Outlines by MC Laser and fillings
       done by Dynacore using the Fractal mountains technique.
     ñ* SPRITZY.ð That's the SEUCK-game. The Sexistic Cybernetics Corp 
       strikes again! FICK MICH! ST/E ONLY.
     ñ* TELBO.ð The so called TELephoneBOok by SCY. ST/E/FALCON.
     ñ* GAG.ð Preview of a game inspired by Earthworm Jim. FALCON+JAGPAD.
     ñ* TOWER.ð This was screen was planned as mainmenu for our cancelled
       ST Megademo called MOSTLY HARMLESS ('coz MJJ were first with using
       this name, which took all our motivation) ST/E/FALCON.
     ñ* TSCC.ð The very first screen by Dynacore done in GFA with very funny
       scrollers. IT'S PISSEASY TO IMPRESS HIM! ST/E ONLY.
  
  
   Now for my personal comments :
   
   First I don't have a monochrome monitor so I couldn't try Big Blow but I am 
sure I'm not missing much... The font included is so huge that it is 3 screens 
large (please don't use it !!!!). The shoot'em up refused to work on my STe but 
I'd like to know if someone managed to run it without that nasty òerror message.
The telephone book thing worked and then what ? Not much... I was too lazy to 
connect my Falcon, transfer GAG to it and run it... Undoubtedly I escaped more  
disappointment. ERm what's next ? Tower also refused to work several times but I 
was lucky enough to see it at least once : it shows a nice texture mapped Tower 
with a small kangaroo you can move to reach upper levels and open doors. This 
was clearly inspired by one of my favourite games óNebulusð but to be honest the 
latter iss bigger, looks better and runs much faster :( Better play the game 
instead. The last thing is the gfa screen that looks like tons of old school or 
compilations screens... 

   That's it : maybe the prgs I wasn't able to run are worth it but for the rest 
I'm going to delete this òcrapð as soon as this article is finished. Now I hope 
Llama will eventually return or release his RESURRECTION effects...

ñ---------------------------------------------------------------------- STS -----