
{*f1FALCON SOFTSYNTH{*f0
                          ñ(Dream or Reality?)

            (Reality actually!) A UCM Exclusive first look!ð

Back  when the Falcon was a blurry and indistinct picture in the  Atari 
mags  of the day,  a lot of excitement was expended in the direction of 
one of the major components of the new machine.

This  was,   of  course,   the  world-famous  Motorola  DSP  chip.  The 
possibilities  of  this  new and novel piece of silicon  seemed  to  be 
boundless back then.  We were told of the many wonderful things that it 
could  do,  such as fast JPEG decoders,  modem tone emulation (whatever 
happened  to  that?)  realtime audio data processing,  even  whizzy  3D 
precalculations to get the best out of those latest games and demos!

Best  of  all,  from my point of view at least,  this magic chip  could 
synthesise all manner of sounds,  properly programmed, able to act as a 
software synthesiser,  a musical instrument in the classical sense. (At 
least  if you consider 'classical' to include anything made  by  messrs 
Moog, Yamaha, and Roland!!)

Over time, the Falcon realised most of these promises, DSP modem aside, 
but the one killer application, ideally suited to the unique properties 
of the DSP, which never quite made it, was that elusive softsynth.

It  was  never  from want of trying,  there have been  at  least  three 
attempts  to  bring something out,  one of these commercial,  the  most 
famous and recent failure being Dutch demo and CD-warez masters, Sentry 
and their sadly 'missing in inaction' TB303 emulator.

Now I can take great pleasure in announcing that now I've got a beta of 
a fully functional Falcon Softsynth, it really works, and it rocks too!

This  new  entry  is  down to the efforts  of  one  Jason  Coughlin,  a 
previously unknown USA-based programming talent. (Cue drum roll) He has 
some  pretty  big plans for his new softsynth,  let's hope he gets  the 
time and energy to realise them.


ñ++ Dat' Current early Beta ++ð

This  is pretty crude,  and pretty early,  but there is enough there to 
give you a good idea of what might be coming soon.

'Zounds',  to give its current (soon to be changed) working title is an 
emulated tri-oscillator analogue style synthesiser. I start the program 
up,  and the main screen boots into a dodgy 70 hz style RGB mainscreen. 
This  is  entirely  a feature of the programmers  own  personal  whims, 
shortly  before  more socially acceptable coding  and  presentation  is 
introduced for a wider audience. 

My  Centurbo 2 Falcon does run it,  and my pretty old but patient  SVGA 
screen  does  display the weird screen mode,  in the same way  that  it 
displays such RGB only classics as the Digital Chaos 'Bio' demo, IE, it 
shouldn't really,  but what the heck!  At this point,  I realise,  that 
quite   by  accident,   Jason  has  created  a  beta  that  is  closely 
'customised'  to my set-up,  and no-one elses.  I breath a deep sigh of 
relief for the fact that it works, and start to dig a bit further.

A forest of knobs and slider controls greet the eye. I suspect they are 
mouse clickable. They are.

On the left hand side of the screen,  are the three oscillators,  where 
waveform type, from the ever popular pulse, to the eerily pure sine are 
available.  Frequency,  volume,  Pulse width and detune knobs await our 
fevered  twiddling,  more  on that later.  Next door to those,  are the 
assorted  controls  dealing with low,  high and band-pass filter,  also 
sound cut-off, and the mysterious 'Q' knob are there.

{*i osc5.pi1 m 0 20 0 100}

Some  slider-based action next,  where the all-important (A) Attack (D) 
Decay (S) Substain (R) Release controls are located.  It is here,  that 
the basic 'shape of your waveform is created.

To  the  right  hand side of the screen ,  various control  panels  are 
located  for  Depth,  Rate,  Delay,  and the mysterious 'Wet' and 'Dry' 
knobs.  Finally, in the bottom right hand corner, there is an (uncoded) 
DSP manager, which doesn't do a lot just yet.


ñ++ In Use ++ð

This  beta  has a choice of inputting via a MIDI source,  or hacking  a 
patch out on the Falcy keyboard. Almost immediately, you discover, that 
not  everything  is  quite what it seems,  and not  everything  on  the 
control panel, is quite, well, ready at the moment.

Still,  what is there, gives plenty to be going on with, as we start by 
playing  with  the ASDR controls,  either for a long sweeping  sort  of 
sound,  or  something  sharper and shorter.  Quite small changes to the 
ASDR  values  can produce big changes in the sound you  are  trying  to 
make. I'm not sure if the 'Release' control is working properly or not, 
but it hardly matters.

The  richness,  or 'tone' of the sound is influenced by the choices you 
make  from  the  oscillator  settings,  where you can  freely  mix  the 
different  waveform  types,  according  to taste,  sine wave  producing 
purer, less obviously 'synthy' sounds. 

For  being  able to synthesise classic growls and squelches  and  weird 
throbbing  fades that would do an early Synth pioneer credit,  'Zounds' 
really  does  have  the  knack!  An element of  'live'  performance  is 
introduced  when you start playing around with the knobs  and  sliders. 

Particularly good ones to fiddle with include the detune and  frequency 
controls on the oscillators.  UK people over a certain age,  who recall 
the childrens television programme 'The Clangers' wll realise how  most 
of  the  other-worldly sound effects were created!  (A very  bored  BBC 
radiophonics  workshop  technician,  with a real synthesiser!)  I  will 
quickly pass over just how much of the scarey/cheesy 'incidental' music 
from the olden tele series 'Dr Who', I managed to recreate!

If this sounds dangerously retro, then don't worry, as introducing some 
cleaner  sounding  waveforms into the proceedings  improves  matters  a 
great deal. With care and diligence, I managed to get some decent flute 
sounds  out  of it,  and just once,  something that sounded quite a lot 
like  a half-decent impression of a classical piano?  The sounds I  got 
out  of it were fantastic,  entirely DSP-generated,  and as far removed 
from  current YM soundchip based softsynths,  as it is possible to get! 
Technical  fans  might  be  interested  to  note,   that  this  current 
incarnation  only  uses about 20% of the DSP's processing  power.  This 
leaves lots of room for future expansion, more on which soonish.

Zounds  is buggy,  not dangerously so,  and many of the bugs are simply 
down  to  features  due  to be implemented,  not being  there  yet.  It 
sometimes  appears with the console panel onscreen,  but no sound,  and 
seems  to  be happiest running in truecolour mode.  To sum up,  I would 
describe it as ragged around the edges, but inspired!

There isn't any way of storing or keeping the sounds that you make,  or 
the  sythesiser settings or 'patches' that you inspiredly create.  This 
is set to change shortly, as a powerful patch editor is promised, among 
a great many other cool features.


ñ++ So What Next? ++ð

Jason  would like to go a lot further with Zounds,  or whatever it will 
be called shortly.  What the finished final product will look like,  is 
down to him.  We are hopeful for the future, as he is intending to come 
up  with something very much like a audio equivalent of the top  Falcon 
sound-to-light proggy, Whip!

A  future Zounds will go a lot further than this current beta,  as  not 
just  one,  but several 'virtual' synths will be loaded in at the  same 
time.  It should be possible to keep what you are doing, in the form of  
patch save,  or even direct-to-disk output for any samples you may wish 
to  pass  on to admiring Protracker and Digital Home  Studio  fans.  It 
hardly  needs to be mentioned,  that it will be considerably tidied up, 
and  I've seen some preview graphics for a future control  panel,  that 
takes it way beyond the functional look of the present time.

The  ultimate  utopian  vision  goes  something  like  a   multi-module 
synthesiser, no,  more  like  a virtual recording studio,  but one with 
total control over your sound creation, and all thanks to the wonderful 
and unique DSP in the Falcon.

A big hand is awarded to Jason for succeeding where others have failed. 
Let's hope he can finish the job!

   òCiH, for Undercover Mag, March '00ð


