
{*f1SILLYVENTURE 2000{*f0

    ó      ----------------- ST INVITATION - TRO ------------------
      

  As you all know, the next Easter Party will be held in Gdansk, Poland and is a 
  one man creation : òGrey of Mystic Bytes.ð As it is often seen, the promotion of 
  the party is broadcast through invitations intros. Three of them have been 
  released on XL/ST/Falcon and this time we are going to have a closer look at 
  the ST version. 
  
  It starts with a textmenu that invites you to choose between two chippies ie 
  ò"Burning Chrome" by MC Laserð and ó"Sun Burns" by DMA Scð. Whatever your choice 
  is you won't feel cheated as both chippies are really great !
  
  Next screen shows a blue textured fuji logo all mixed up, you know like these 
  kids puzzles you struggle with for hours, trying to get the picture (of a nice 
  naked person :) back to the right order of Nature... The logo changes shape 
  until it is a full fuji and then a stylish yellow Mystic Bytes pops up.
  
  Some text reads that though we cannot stop the flooding of PCs we are still 
  alive. Next is a rendered fuji logo with some light effect. Last but not least 
  the greatest picture ò-- done by Havoc / Fun --ð shows a nice girl on the left 
  while a stylish Sillyventure logo comes on the right side. Really beautiful 
  pic Peter !
  
  The main part of the intro consists in pages of texts about the party history 
  and organisation, the various competitions planned, people who are expected... 
  In other words all you want to know about the party. The window uses a mid res 
  font and it looks nice enough in spite of the blue text on a black background. 
  That's the sort of detail that keeps pissing me off esp when you know how easy 
  it is to set two fucking colors !!! Also the vertical scroller isn't smooth at 
  all and tends to flicker a bit too much...
  
ñ  Basically the goal is reached : overall nice presentation with full info about 
ñ  the party. I just wish the text color had been chosen more carefully and that 
ñ  someone had worked out how to code a smooth scrolltext... The review of the 
ñ  Falcon invitro will also convince you that the latter doesn't suffer from such 
ñ  problems. Otherwise get this screen !
  
ñ  ---------------------------------------------------------------------- STS ----
       