
{*f1SYNC{*f0

ó                            The true story (v1.0)
ò                            *********************

If this is the first time you hear of a demo group called "Sync", you should 
stop reading right now and have a look at the following demos:

Swedish New Year 1      (Original version doesn't boot on TOS >1.02, Hackbears 
                        compilation works) 
Whattaheck              (Umm, nope - we didn't send our screen in in time)
SoWatt                  (our screen doesn't work on STe)
Swedish New Year 2      (one of our screens doesn't work on STe)

... we did release more than this, but not much. Anyway, back to the story :

Once upon a time, in the eastern part of southern Sweden (in the city of 
Ängelholm) MrMac and Pylon X makes a few bouncing raster-bars. This is back in 
the ancient times of 1987 (same year as TEX release their 1st demoscreens) and 
that is also the beginning of Sync. Joining these two Sync-founders right away 
is a classmate of Pylon X, called Boozter. You'll see these three in the photo 
in Swedish New Year 1 (first photo of crewmembers in a demo  on the Atari?). We 
do however lack one person now, the fourth person in the photo, namely Redhead.

For the ones who know a bit more about Sync, this is when everything takes off. 
MrMac and Pylon X meets Redhead at a party "somewhere in Skåne, maybe Klippan. 
(MrMac)" and he immediately joins up. So, looking at the photo in SNYD1 you have 
(from left to right): MrMac, Boozter, Pylon X and Redhead SNYD1 is released in 
01/01-89, that is 6 days before The Union Demo, and almost a year after B.I.G 
Demo. Sync's screen contains what some would call the first tracker-replay on 
the ST, but I haven't been able to verify that. After all, The Amiga Demo was 
released much earlier. 

We'll take a break from Sync here, and start talking about two other almost 
completely unknown groups. Have a look in the Whattaheck demo again, but this 
time look for a screen by AAC (Anti Amiga Crew) instead (that screen, btw, 
earned the following remark from TFE/Omega: "That's not a demo!!"). The members 
of AAC were Mega and Jee, and they also lived in Skone (Malm). At one party 
(Örkelljunga, we believe) they met a group called PWC (ProWare Crew) - another 
totally unknown group that consisted of two members called Red Fox and TALK. 
These two groups discovered that their basic ST-coding knowledge was about the 
same, and they both managed to get the secret behind "Sync-locking " (timing the 
CPU to the videoraster) from - yes - Sync, at that party. Red Fox knew Redhead 
beforehand, and had bugged him a lot on how to make demos in GFA Basic (yes PWC  
actually did release a GFA Basic demo called "StarDemo". Formatted to 84 tracks  
11 sectors, it wasn't widely copied ... only a few drives could write it). AAC 
also released a GFA Basic demo, called "Hits of -88" together with their buddy 
Jay of Jihad Systems. It had a small intro in assembler though.  

As it happened, AAC and PWC joined together in a group called SMILE. At this 
time, everyone coded some 68000 ASM with Devpac, and TALK changed name to 
BlueSTar.  Red Fox also made a fullscreen now, which at the time was one of     
the very first, at least in Sweden. Before  SMILE could release anything though, 
Redhead phoned them up and offered them membership in Sync. This is, as far as 
we  can make out, in the summer of -89. Cuddly Demos had just been released and  
a big party was coming up in August.

That party SoWatt was released - where Redhead officially announced PWC as being 
members of Sync. AAC wasn't mentioned, probably because there were some problems 
with the internal organisation. The "old" people in Sync wanted some more 
coders, a graphician and  a musician. BlueSTar, while also a coder, was a good 
graphics artist and was "allowed" in. Red Fox and Mega were coders, no problem 
there. Jee (who now changed nick to 7an) couldn't decide what to do, and didn't  
join Sync until later - when we all discovered that he indeed was the great 
musician we wanted! In the meantime 7an joined up with a guy called Jim and did  
some weird stuff. Anyone who's met a Sync member knows we're always doing weird  
stuff :)

We're now in the late summer of -89 and things are happening. Read the 
scrolltext in SoWatt, and you will see talk about "the Synchron Demo". No, this  
is not the little screen with disting graphics some demo collections have listed 
as being the Synchron Demo (two such small screens were made by MrMc in late -88 
beginning of -89) - the Synchron Demo was *huge*. Cuddly Demos is famous, but 
even TCB themselves mention in their scroller that they expect it to soon be    
"broken". They're talking about the Synchron Demo - the huge collection of 
fantastic screens Redhead (mostly) had been working on for several months. 
Quote from the SoWatt scroller: "THE SIZE OF THE DEMO AT THE TIME OF THIS 
COPYPARTY WAS TWENTYONE SCREENS OF WHICH FIVE WERE FULLSCREENS THREE SCREENS 
INCLUDED SAMPLING SYNTHESEIZERS OR DIGISOUND  THERE  IS ANOTHER SPREADPOINT 
CONVERSION AND AN AMIGA DEMO CALLED SNURKEL AS FAR AS I KNOW MADE BY DEF AM AND  
THE SILENTS ALSO AS FAR AS I KNOW" - Redhead.

He also mentions that we've failed to release this demo for the third time when
we said we would, and that we won't make a new committment. Sadly, it was never 
released. Not a single screen. Other crews in Sweden had seen the work in 
progress though, and that's why Sync got greetings like the one in TCBs 
mainscroller in SoWatt - "the second [sic] best crew in Sweden - Sync".

Talking about Swedish crews here, we must remember that Sync, TCB and Omega had
a lot of contact with each other. A lot of demo-tricks were brainstormed by     
these groups - most noticeably the incredible sync-scroller (at that time      
referred to in Sweden as "hardware-scrolling") which was a co-operation venture
between several persons (Nick/TCB, Redhead/Sync - sorry Omega, can't remember 
if TFE or HAQ helped out here!)

This co-operation of course lead to another New Year demo, namely (surprise!) 
Swedish New Year 89-90 (SNYD2). This time, Omega had prepared themselves, and 
both put the demo together, wrote a great mainmenu and 3 screens. TCB did a 
rather lame (sorry An Cool!) screen, but considering they said in SoWatt that 
they wouldn't do any more demos, that's ok. Sync showed off with two screens 
that upped the standards in ST demo coding a bit - the Red Sector conversion 
inspired crews like Equinox to years later try (and succeed) to beat that 
effect. The screen had a great tracker-replay routine, something Sync began to
get famous for in these days. The other Sync screen was the best scroller done 
to date, a fullscreen syncscrolling *huge* scrolltext with a parallax scrolling
background (which, btw, was drawn by a guy referred to as Nibbel by everyone in 
Sync. He insisted on being called "Fresh of TLT of Automation" - but judging 
from his size we think Nibbel was more appropriate!)

SNYD2 is however also, sadly, the last the public got to see of Sync really. Of 
course things didn't stop here. We were still coding like mad. Redhead was very
busy what had once been a conversion of Noisetracker (we met Mahoney and Kaktus,
M.K. in .mods you know?) at a party in Furulund and Redhead just _had_ to make 
a good tracker for the ST. Called Soundtracker ST in the beginning, it changed 
name to Audio Sculpture when he realised this was something that would be 
commercially sold.

Red Fox left the Atari scene completely somewhere between -90 and -92 to do 
stupid teenage activities like getting drunk, laid and kicking people's heads  
off. The rest of Sync went to the big ST News convention in Holland - where 
Redhead and MrMac (who had now joined him in working on Audio Sculpture) met a 
person called Zae. This is where the AS development kicked in at full speed and 
Redhead and MrMac moved to France to do full time work on it. To make a long 
story short - yes, Audio Sculpture was sold. Redhead/MrMac got some (but _very_ 
little) money back from it, and then the reseller went broke. This was in 90/91
and no, the version of Audio Sculpture you've seen (v2.4) isn't at all as 
advanced as the internal versions we had in Sync - blame the reseller.

Sync wasn't holding together very well at this time, everyone did their own 
stuff. BlueSTar and MrMac began writing an STe game -halfway finished but never
completed. Red Fox changed nick to Troed and cracked games for Elite (short 
period) and I.C.S (longer period). Mega worked on a program called Light 
Sculpture. No Sync stuff gets released - though Red Fox got an intro out which 
contains a few fast routines, but in -92 stuff from -89 doesn't impress anyone. 
MrMac fools around with Megadrive home-development. Redhead plays with an ATW800
and makes a pre-emptive multitasking shell with full GU and scaleable fonts for 
the ST .. in 31kb assembler. Then everyone suddenly has an urge to get educated ... 

MrMac began studying at the University of Karlskrona/Ronneby, Computer Engineer. 
Red Fox studied for a Machine Engineer. BlueSTar studied for a Computer 
Engineer. Pylon X studied for a Software Engineer (also at the Univ of KNA/RBY) 
- and Red Fox decided to have two educations and joined MrMac and Plon X in 
Ronneby, also as a Software Engineer. 7an moved to USA (where he now, even 
though being the youngest member of Sync, is a happy father). Mega studied for  
Computer Engineer. Redhead studied on and off, but being the true hacker-coder 
he is he later joined up with some Omega, Electra and TCB members at a game 
company called GameDesign Sweden instead.

òThe saga ends ?

Maybe. In -96/-97 BlueSTar got nostalgic, and created "Sync - Official Nostalgy" 
(www.sync.st). In -00, Red Fox got nostalgic, and is at the moment writing this 
little text.

Red Fox is also actively trying to get everything still on disks at the homes of 
various Sync members onto the safe rescue of harddrives and cd-roms. As 
explained above, Sync produced a HUGE quantity of demoscreens, versions of Audio 
Sculpture, other programs (Light Sculpture, FiskGen, DisAsm) and even some half 
working games. Yes, if we find anything stable enough to release we'll do so.

What's already in the works is to try to fix the sad statistics for the released 
Sync screens. As written above, two of the ones we managed to release does not  
work on STe. That has been taken care of now - while not released yet (as with  
everything Sync ever did) Red Fox has a disk with the SoWatt and SNYD2 
fullscreens which works on both ST and STe. Expect to see this released ... ...  
... soon.

ñCurrent status of Sync :

Redhead, developer		- Game Design Sweden (www.gamedesign.se)
Red Fox, software engineer	- Symbian (Swedish office) (www.symbian.com)
BlueSTar, usability engineer	- Nokia (www.nokia.com)
MrMac, object leader		- Ericsson Mobile (www.ericsson.com) also see 
                                  www.programmersheaven.com 
7an, senior systems engineer	- Cumulus Media (www.cumulus.com)
Pylon X, System management	- Ericsson Software Technology 
                                  (www.ericsson.com) 
Mega, system design engineer	- SwitchCore (www.switchcore.com)

Greetings to:

TCB (you won, really)
Omega (great guys)
Electra (too bad you weren't there in the beginning!)
TEX (you started it all - thanx!)

... and to the rest of the scene, you know who you are. I can be found in 
#atariscne and #atariswe on IRCNet for as long as my nostalgia kick stays - go   
there to get personal greetings from me, my memory is clearing up :) Also don't  
forget to visit www.sync.st and write in our guestbook. If you want to reach us  
all, try emailing sync@sync.st. To email us individually, do some guesswork ;)

ñRed Fox / Sync signing off ... 

wrap
