
     ñ F A L S E_________I D E A S________A B O U T__________ __ _    _ 
 
 {*f1TATTOOS{*f0
 
 
  As my aching  right leg  reminds me how  painful it can be  to get tattoed, I 
  think it's not useless to brighten up the cloud of "mystery" surrounding this     
  "underground" passion... I had my first tattoo four years  ago and now I feel  
  even happier a second one has come to complete my body.
  
  To most  people out  there  though, there is  still a  huge  misunderstanding 
  regarding these guys and gals who torture their limbs : what for ??? Are they 
  willing to finish with life ? Are they crazy or brain damaged ? Well sorry if 
  I disappoint you  but I don't  think we are crazier or more unreasonable than 
  the so called "respectable" people...
  
  Many people want a tattoo but don't dare to walk the decisive step forward. I 
  pity them because they are people who  have  dreams but are too afraid to try 
  and make them real. A dream ? Sort of yes, and not the one you can have after   
  smoking weird stuff. These ppl often  fear the pain they will have to endure. 
  Sure there  are removable tattoos you can buy from stores. They bring no pain 
  and just  vanish after  a week  or two. But  having a  real tattoo and having 
  suffered mouth tight closed to get it, is another level of pride !
  
  I like tattoos and  decided to make them  a part of me several years ago when   
  I thought it looked damm nice and was - maybe - another sort of ART, a living 
  painting that  would live  with you, inside of you. My  first tattoo is on my 
  left shoulder and represents the letter S (actually it was the tribal logo of  
  the Brasilian hard band Sepultura, but I must add that my main motivation was 
  not to copy a logo!). I love it and right after that, I thought - or knew ? - 
  it wouldn't be my last. 
  
  Now, almost 4 years later, I've felt the fever again... hotter than ever ! As 
  Xmas came closer it occured to me that this would be the perfect gift from my  
  family and surely I won't  forget this gift ! It took me 2 more months to get 
  things started and  now here  it is, a tribal-like  dragon, integrated  to my 
  right leg, rising with its fierce mouth open, ready to swallow the skies.
  
  Erm... Maybe I should focus on the purpose of this intervention instead of 
  boring you with my life...
  
 ó Top Five Of Basic False Ideas Or Stupid Comments....
 ó-------------------------------------------------- -- -
   
 ò 1. "Do You Know You Cannot Get Rid Of It ?"
  
  I cannot say how many times I've heard that one over the last four years (and 
  surely I'm going to hear it even more now. Yeah well that's part of the price 
  to pay for an Artwork picture that won't fade away after weeks. Now of course 
  if you planned to have a tattoo reading the name of your girlfriend... better 
  forget about it right now... What when she would dump you ? Find another girl  
  with the same name ? Think about the - new - girlfriend who should  face this  
  other name so often... Anyway I think these sorts of  tattoos suck. So, yes I 
  know this tattoo will last longer than my body and that's exactly what I want 
  (so that maybe I can give both my shoulder and leg as a legacy :)). 
  
  Note to lamers : wanna get rid of that embarassing name on your shoulder ? 
  Think about laser therapy then and find a way to make  your wallet fatter 
  because it's gonna take long and cost much too !
  
  
  ò2. "Are You Not Afraid Of AIDS ?"
  
  Yeah well like any other brained human out there, when it comes to sex I have 
  to  follow the  rules and  condoms are  of the  party ;) Then, regarding  the 
  tattoing process : a tattoo guy always wears  surgery gloves he may change if 
  the session gets too long. All the tools around (from the spray  used to make 
  sure your limb is  cleaned and  free of  bacteria to the  needle machine) are 
  wrapped with a plastic film. Not always easy to  handle I guess  but this guy 
  knows the job. Also all the disposable tools (like razor blades to shave your 
  limb, gloves, plastic film...) are thrown away * right after * the session is 
  over. Last but  not least, the  needle used  is safely packed  into a plastic 
  pocket before use and destroyed right after. All these  things I've seen, I'm 
  not just repeating a lesson !
 
  
  ò3. "If You Get Scratched It'll Be Fucked Up"
  
  Surely not !! As  hard to  understand as it  can be, try once  and for all to 
  remember that a tattoo isn't simply on the skin, it is mainly under ! You can 
  ride like a mad man, get hurt but it'll be intact and I know what I'm talking 
  about :)

  
  ò4. "What About Afterwards Infection ?"
  
  Oh my God they killed Kenny ! Erm sorry. Once  again, as a real professional, 
  your tattoo guy won't let  you out before he has managed to tell you at least   
  a hundred  times how you should  look after your skin  during the next weeks.    
  Most of the time he should also give you written instructions such as "do not
  expose to  sunlight, do  not bathe or  plunge into  salt water, clean it with     
  soft soap at least twice a day..." This long list features the names of a few
  skin creams you should buy and use if you want the cicatrizing  process to go 
  on healthily. Then if you get an infection it'll be your fault not his !
  
  
  ò5. "Tattoos Should Get You Away From Society"
  
  Erm almost right, having a  tattoo right on  your forehand, esp reading "Fuck 
  Society", should not help you  much when trying to get hired by this renowned 
  banking company :) Maybe a  more discreet part  of your body  would have been 
  better to start with ? With a tattoo  on the shoulder and  another one on the 
  lower part of my right leg (still a nice 30cm big pic :) I've  never met such 
  problems while my long hair and  goatee seem  to imply that I often sacrifice 
  human souls to the demon ;) Assholes won't stop judging you anyway... but who 
  cares ? You know what you are worth so they can go to hell !!
  
ñ  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
  That's it for this time. I  wish I could have included photos of my 2 tattoos  
  but my father's digital camera is currently out of order. Maybe I can have it
  fixed before this issue is released but I'm not too sure.
  
  Anyway I  hope I have  convinced some of you  who still thought  tattoos were 
  done in unhealthy, middle aged  conditions that it is a * real * professional 
  occupation. I recommend you  visit your  local tattoo place if you  seek more 
  answers. Tattoo guys are always willing to help you. Have a look by yourself.
  ... with no false ideas in mind :)
  
ñ  ------------------------------------------------------------------ [ StS ] --
  