
{*f1NEW AND UPDATED VLMS{*f0

 No need to introduce òWHIP!ð anymore unless you haven't been on Earth over the 
 last 10 months :) Since it was released dozens of great fx have been released 
 and made of òWHIP!ð one of the most interesting and original Falcon proggy !
 
 Some weeks ago while waiting for some huge file to get downloaded onto my HD I 
 happened to visit óEscapeð homepage, expecting nothing more than rumours about 
 forthcoming VLMs. You can guess how amazed I was when I read that two new VLMs 
 had actually been released ! Yet I cannot remember reading any message on IRC 
 or on DHS bulletinboard... Whatever.
 
 Let's start with updated VLMs. Unfortunately my Falcon HD fucked up and I lost 
 many demos and WHIP! as well so i'm trying to have my memory work and help a 
 bit here : Earx updated some of his fx such as Landblur, raytunnel and others. 
 To be honest I've downloaded them and seen no difference but I didn't run both 
 versions at the same time :) Anyway if it reads "updated" then i'm sure it is. 
 
 
 òFLARE by Earx
 ñ---------------- 
 
 This effect is brand new ! As usual when it comes to this sort of colourful and 
 spinning kind of fx, I'm missing the right words (but I think that even in 
 French I wouldn't be able to do much better ;). In the middle of the screen is 
 a sort of vortex that keeps spinning around the screen, it's shape changing 
 with the incoming sound. It really looks nice with yellow-orange colors that 
 are not without reminding of lava. The whole thing is very dynamic and speedy ! 
 Among the usual parameters you'll be able to chose between a mirrored vortex 
 and a stereo display. Hard to say more without being able to enjoy it anymore 
 but one thing is clear : this is another great Whip! VLM you òneedð to get !
 
 
 òSONAR by Socrates
 ñ-------------------
 
 This is the first French contribution to the WHIP! community I think. As the 
 name hints at, this VLM displays a òsonar-like landscapeð influenced by the music 
 that's playing on your Falcon input connector. It shows two vertical bars that 
 extend into both the lower and upper border and the landscape thus realtime 
 painted uses a discreet dark blue palette. It's not bad looking at all but the 
 construction of these - stereo ? - bars is so slow that it's tricky to point 
 out at any connection between them and the music played... Maybe you can find 
 real slow, ambient music to fit that one but as for me I tend to turn it off...
 
ñ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Now I'm sure many of you will have missed these updates and new VLMs. I still 
 cannot think of an explanation regarding such silence... Okay these VLMs were 
 advertised on Escape page, but isn't DHS Bulletinboard supposed to be a larger 
 billboard to announce releases ? We cannot afford to wander through dozens of 
 homepages wishing to come up with news... Anyway I suggest you drop by Escape 
 page more often then because WHIP! really deserves it !
 
                          ó http://escape.atari.org
                      
ñ------------------------------------------------------------------------ STS -- 
                     