FACTS
-----------------------------------------------------------------
               FACTS, POSSIBILITIES and PURE LIES   
-----------------------------------------------------------------

What  computer  related  subject  is  it  that  most  people  and 
magazines  writes and talks about even if they couldn't tell  the 
difference  between  a  C64 and a bread box?  Well it  is  AI  or 
Artificial Intelligence,  most of these people does not even have 
the  faintest idea of how a computer or a brain  works,  even  so 
they all comes to the same conclusion:  Computers can never  take 
the place of humans because humans has creativity,  intuition and 
a ability to invent. BOY ARE THEY WRONG!!!!

Here are their mistakes:

 - Today's computers have only some Megs of memory
 - Computers have only existed for 50-60 years 
 - The most 'advanced' parts of the brain  is  400-500  million 
   years old
 - The 'smart' parts of the brain is relatively young and basic 
 - A strange notion that the human is capable of 'inventing' 


So what is intelligence then?

Well,  we humans count ourselves to be intelligent so if you  can 
'think' better than a human you must be intelligent.

Are we humans smart?  Nope,  we do loads of stupid and  unlogical 
things all the time,  even if we far back in our minds knows that 
it is wrong and stupid.  (I can easily prove that if someone  out 
there actually thinks humans are smart,  just challenge me and  i 
shall easily prove that humans are the least smart of all living 
beings on earth)

So intelligence isn't the same as smart.

(Problem:  The Rusians might invade us.  solution:  If they tries 
that we simply nukes their ass!  Not very smart but it solves the 
problem)

So  we  are  stuck with the mentioned  'humans  only'  abilities: 
intuition, creativity and invention.

Intuition:  The ability to find a solution even if you don't know 
how  you  got it.  Lets say it in  another  way:  Intuition:  The 
ability  to  not  know  what the brain is up to!  Not exactly 
intelligence if you asks me.

Creativity:  It could mean the same as Invention so lets describe 
creativity as the 'artistic' and 'want to work' part.  A computer 
works if it is told to do so,  so that leaves us with 'Artistic'. 
Artistic: Non necessary 'Things' to please the human brain. There 
are  already computer programmes that writes poems,  and i  think 
our  new  kitchen  was  designed  by  a  computer  that  followed 
'Artistic'  rules  as it placed the different  cupboards  it  was 
told to include. So we can already today fake Creativity 

Invention:  (the invention part of creativity also included here) 
Invention is usually interpreted by people as the ability to make 
something  entirely  new (which is not based on something  old). 
This  is  an impossible ability!  It has only happened  by  pure 
misfortune  or  by  systematic  'misfortune'.   Antibiotics  were 
'invented'  when  a  lab assistant was careless  and  let  fungus 
spores  come  into a virus test.  This has lead to  an  intensive 
'Lets see what happens' invention by drug companies. 

Can  someone out there tell me the name of one 'thing'  that  was 
invented  without the help of old known  data?  (misfortunes  not 
counted)  I'll  bet you can't,  if this ability existed  then  we 
would simply gone strict from stone age to space age without  the 
waste of time used for evolution.

Invention  is  simply the ability to put  two  separately  gained 
chunks of data into one! Or 2+2=4.             

This should prove that all those human abilities arn't as good as 
we pretends/imagines them to be. We are, as all other life forms, 
desperately  defending  our right to exist on the cost  of  other 
life  forms.  Our claims of human grandness is in fact a sign  of 
our own lack of intelligence.  A intelligent being wouldn't  need 
to defend his doings as it would not do anything that would  need 
to be defended.  


So what is Intelligence? Well the answer is rather simple:

                              ----

Intelligence  is  the  ability to find a solution  of  a  problem 
before the problem occurs and the ability to solve a problem with 
means that are not present at the time being. 

                              ----
  
                   Intelligence = Data analyse 

               Computer = Data analysing machine!

-----------------------------------------------------------------

So   if  computers  are  intelligence  machines why  arn't   they 
intelligent? 
 
There is no point in analysing a computer as you all know how  it 
works. (If not then go out and buy a NES you bloody lamer)

Lets analyse the brain.

Its main thing is its capability to interpret images,  the  brain 
works  in a image world and it has taken it hundreds of  millions 
of years to get to the point it is today.  You can see a  picture 
when  you are ten years old and when you are sixty you can  still 
remember  the  picture if it is shown to you!  The  brain  stores 
images in a unknown 3d system and it can store billions of  them! 
This gives it an incredible recognition capability and a enormous 
data library.

(the brain does store smell,  touch info etc..  as well, but that 
isn't important here) 

It is a normal misunderstanding that the brain works with  words, 
this  is  wrong,  the  brain transforms  all  visual  and  spoken 
information  into  images,  if it doesn't do that  it  will  most 
likely  forget  the information within a hour  (or  five  secs!). 
This  misunderstanding   has influenced most AI  progs  to  date, 
they are simple word recognition progs and they have no IQ or  AI 
at all, they only fakes it. If the brain had worked with words as 
long as it has worked with images you could only glance at a page 
and  then  remember it word for word for the rest  of  your  life 
(like a computer).  

So what's the point of words then?  Well it is a communicator,  a 
way  of shearing collected data.  I writes,  you reads so  i  can 
write that most houses in Norway are built of wood,  and now  you 
knows  that most houses in Norway are built of wood even  if  you 
have never been here!  Not only that,  you will also know that IT 
IS  POSSIBLE to build houses of wood,  if you already knows  that 
Norway is a cold country you can also assume that houses built of 
wood are warm! (or we would have frozen to death)

A smart computer program made today could also have figured  that 
one out,  but it wouldn't really know what a house or a three is! 
It  could have known that a house is a place where humans  lives, 
but  it  wouldn't KNOW what a house is nor what a  human  is,  it 
would only know the words!        

The  difference between a computer and a brain is that while  the 
computer  works  with  words and numbers  the  brain  works  with 
images.  But they both works with simple ON/OFF's in their  basic 
structure. The brains Nevrons also grows each time they are used, 
it thereby creates Favourite 'thoughts'.  This is easiest seen in 
the way we talks. (Fuck, Man, ...You Know, etc..)  

To  create a human intelligence we would have to figure  out  how 
the brain handles pictures. Before that the AI could only help us 
with problems that we have already collected data on. 

                             -------  

The Japanese definition of a AI is a computer that when it saw  a 
apple fall from a tree it would rediscover the laws of gravity.

                             -------

(it  would be smart to give this type of AI some basic  knowledge 
on human anatomy.  Scenario:  You works with this AI, the AI sees 
you  eat food day after day but it newer sees it exit.  So  where 
does all that food go? answer: open you up to find out!) 


So the day a computer/robot can walk out into the real world  and 
see,  feel,  hear  and  smell as good as we can you  could  start 
talking about real AI,  and that time will come.  But even before 
that we will have computers that has a fake AI who operates in  a 
fake  (simulated)  world  or  just  smart  information  analysing 
machines.   fake  AI is just a question of memory  and  speed,  a 
optical computer with crystal memory would fit the bill.

This types of machines already exists in basic forms,  it is just 
a way of programming.

The  most famous fictional real AI is probably the Terminator  in 
T2, after it is open up and set into learning mode (cut away from 
the film) it is capable of making its own views of the world  and 
if  given time it would probably follow its own head  instead  of 
following  its given orders.  In many ways that is a more scaring 
thought than having a single minded killing machine on the lose. 

                              --------

But  if  you could give a machine the power of a  human  why  not 
give the human the power of a machine!  It is the brain that sets 
humans apart from the other living beings on earth,  the body  is 
just a machine to feed and transport the brain.  Why not put  the 
brain  into a more lasting transport machine,  and  integrate  it 
with  a  computer to instantly be capable of  learning  what  you 
needs.  Why  waste 15 years in a school and a life  time  gaining 
experience if one small operation could do the same job in a sec.  

Would a human brain with an robot body and computer knowledge  be 
a man or a machine?  Well the body is definitively a machine  but 
since it is the brain that sets us apart it is also  definitively 
a human. You would have a Artificial being with Intelligence or a 
AI! 


-----------------------------------------------------------------
There are no other Gods than those Gods man invents,  and one day 
we are going to invent a God that will walk among us. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------

