STEPHEN KING
-----------------------------------------------------------------
                      CP-3-69 On The Phone
----------------------------------------------------------------- 


I interviewed Stephen King on the phone yesterday,  i claimed  to 
be  working  for  Norways leading book club, and this is  what  i 
managed to squeeze out of him.


CP:  You have given out a range of books about writers that  have 
been haunted by their fans and pseudonyms, have you finished this 
trend or will there be more of your own nightmares coming out.

SK:  Well not all of them have been my own nightmares,  and there 
is  a  new book that are in the same lane coming out  later  this 
year. It is a follow up of 'The Dark Half'.

CP: So what is this new book about then.

SK:  Its  based  on a true story about this  friend  of  mind,  a 
hacker,  and  something that happened to him not  long  ago.  The 
books title is 'Digital Terror' and it is a real chiller.

CP:  Could  you  give us a short resume of the plot of  your  new 
book?

SK: Well, i could always tell you how it all starts. You see this 
guy  have been a hacker for nearly ten years now,  and you  might 
know that hacers uses pseudonyms when they works.

CP: Ehhh, i have heard about that...

SK:  You see this guy have used several of them through the time, 
like LTS,  ST George etc..  and when he did his first major demo, 
you know what a demo is?

CP: yes i have actually made a couple in my young days...

SK:  Ohh,  then you know what i am talking about.  Where where i, 
oh  yes.  When  he  made his first major  demo  he  used  several 
pseudonyms at ones to make it look like it was a group that  made 
the  demo  and not just one man.  You see this guy  is  really  a 
graphics  artist  but  he also knows how to  code,  and  all  the 
coding was done under the name Zodiac.  He created this  internal 
image  of what this guy looked like and how he talked and  acted, 
and  he  used  it to 'play' the Zodiac in the  main  scroll  line 
where  Zodiac talked and had fun with the 'other'  crew  members. 
But  after that demo he started to use his main hacker name  even 
when  he  programmed and Zodiac slowly died.  Then one  day  some 
years  later he opens this computer magazine called 'ST  Format', 
have you hear of it?

CP: Yes i reads it to keep an eye on the new machines to come.

SK:  Well,  when  he  buys this issue of 'ST  Format',  issue  38 
september 1992 to be exact,  he reads the public sector first  as 
he  always have done,  and there it is.  A screen shot of one  of 
his  own  hand  drawn pictures and in the  corner  is  a  shining 
Zodiac logo. And thats where the horror starts.

CP:  Sounds like a good plot.  Do you know much about the  hacker 
community and computers in general?

SK:  Noooo,  but  i uses a computer when i works and i gets  help 
from that guy this happened to.

CP: How much of this story is true?

SK:  Everything i have told you now is true,  but after that  its 
pure  fiction.  Oh,  Tabitha  is waiting for me,  we have  to  go 
shopping.  Give  my regards to your club members and have a  nice 
day...Click....dut....dut...

       
Not  the  longest phone interview in the history  of  earth,  but 
getting details of a new Stephen King book is a scoop so what the 
heck. 

Next  time i shall try to get in touch with Sean Connery  to  get 
hold of some details about  his return as James Bond. 

                     Tune in on next months

                      CP-3-69 On The Phone

------------------------------------------------------------------

