LAWNMOWER MAN

Recently I have seen the film Lawnmower Man (bet you didn't guess
that), and I shall tell you what I think of it (arn't you lucky....)

Lawnmower Man is based on a short story by Stephen King, and like
many of his previous story-to-film outings, the film is RADICALLY
different from the story (anyone seen/read The Running Man?), but
anyway, on with the crap.

The Lawnmower Man  has been described as a more technological version
of Frankenstien, and I suppose that is true, in a way.  If you havn't
already seen it (it has been on release for a few months), this is a
quick run down of the plot.  A professor has developed a way of
improving intelligence by using a combination of drugs and virtual
reality, but it has not been tested on a human being.  Now, there is
a retarded bloke who cuts peoples lawns, including the house of the
prof.  And, whatdoyaknow, the lawnmower man becomes the first human
to be used in the experiment.

The virtual reality scene will be the main reason why many computer
owners will go and see it, and WOW are they good.  In fact they are
not just good, they are so amazingly outstanding incredibly
blow-you-away-sucker that you will not believe the resolution and
animation (although it's hardly done in "real-time").  If you where
to be critical about it, you could say that the animation is there to
subsidize sub-standard plot, and although its probably true, what
does it matter as long as you enjoy the film. (And it is a very
enjoyable film).

(Not surprisingly) I enjoyed it, but then again I enjoy most films as
long as they're not REALLY bad, so that doesn't mean a thing.  Err,
I'm not sure how to end this, so I'll try...

The Lawnmower Man is an enjoyable film, providing you don't pay to
much attention to the plot and the uses of VR and the way it has
effects on people.  It won't go down as a movie great for it's acting
or even the effects (which as you may have gathered are good)
although if you go and see it, it could be one of your most memorable
movies of the year.

For your further information...

The short story The Lawnmower Man is available in Stephen Kings short
story collection "The Night Shift", which is rather good and has some
extremely gross stories in it, as a mater of fact.  (I've just been
told that four of the other short stories in "The Night Shift" have
been made into a four-story film called "Cats Eyes".)

One last thought...

Now that the technology exists to realistically create the visual
effects, perhaps the time is right for a film version of the most
famous of all cyberpunk novels, "Neuromancer".  Lawnmower Man proves
that the cyberspace sequences in Neuromancer can be easily and cheaply
(Lawnmower Man reputedly cost just SIX million pounds, or was it
dollars, one or the other anyway...) created.  Personally believe that
a film of Neuromancer could be THE movie of the ninties.

fIN. Paul H.
