LIFE
-----------------------------------------------------------------

            LIFE ON PLANET EARTH & OTHER TRIVIALITIES 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Warning to Christians and Muslims 

I'm  going  to have some fun with religion in some of  the  parts 
bellow,  i does not believe in God myself but i have always found 
if  strange that they who believes in him usually acts and  lives 
the exact opposite of their teaching. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

HATE 

 - You shall not kill 
 - You shall love your enemy as yourself
 - Let he who is innocent throw the first rock

 - That under no impulse of any passions,  he shall cause no harm 
   whatsoever  to  the  creatures of Allah  in  general,  and  no 
   muslims in particular, neither by his  tongue nor by his hands
   nor by any other means.
 
Isn't it strange that Christians and Muslims hate each other when 
their  holy books forbids it,  and they does in fact pray to  the 
same God!


NUDE 

Isn't  it  strange  that Christians are  so  afraid  of  anything 
showing a nude human being!  God created man and woman nude, they 
lived their entire time in paradise nude.  But then Satan  fooled 
them  into  eating an apple and they  became  wise,  they  became 
aware  of  their  nudity and were  ashamed of  their  bodies  and 
therefore they started to wear clothes (a leaf). 

This should mean that each time a Christian feels ashamed of  his 
or  others  nudity  he serves the thoughts given to  him  by  the 
devil!  A good Christian should be able to walk nude among  other 
nudes  without  feeling any shame at all as Adam and Eve  did  in 
paradise.


STONES 

Isn't  it  strange  that while Jesus said 'Let the  dude  who  is 
innocent throw the first hand grenade', todays Christians usually 
throws their entire arsenal before they even knows what they  are 
throwing at!


GOLD 

Isn't  it  strange that while Jesus said that  a  real  christian 
should shear his wealth with the pore and needing the Vatican has 
built  houses of Gold.  If God wanted houses filed with  gold  he 
would have made them himself!


THE SUN

Isn't it strange that the Vatican has just confessed that Galileo 
was  right when he said that the Earth was circling the  Sun  and 
not the other way around.


ABRACADABRA

Isn't  it strange that the Christians means that the  wonders  of 
Jesus  proves  he  was the son of God when  any  half  decent  TV 
evangelist claims to be doing the same things.


POLITICS 

Isn't it strange that Left wing Communism is nearly identical  to 
Right wing Nazism.  The only difference is that Nazis kills other 
countries people while Communists kills their own.


POLITICS II

Isn't  it strange that the Left wing that claims they stands  for 
equal  rights  and  taking  care  of  the  unfortunate  disclaims 
Christianity,  while the Right wing that stands for a free market 
and every one for his own are usually ultra Christians!

It makes you wonder if the average Politician  has ever read  the 
bible. (not to mention the average voter)


POLITICS III

Isn't  it strange that what would have been viewed as  left  wing 
politics  in  US  of A would have been  viewed  as  right  winged 
politics in Norway.


SHAVE THE WHALES 

Isn't  it  strange  that while the  whole  world  (except:Norway, 
Island and Japan) are against the hunting of whales,  not one  of 
those idiots have understood that there are in fact more than one 
type of whale!


SHAVE THE WHALES II

Isn't  it strange that Greenpea's (deliberate miss-spelling)  who 
wants to inform people about the enviornment have dropped all the 
facts  into the waste basket in the Whale case and  instead  they 
have created a Super whale

 - It is the largest animal on earth (The Blue whale)
 - It is nearly extinct (Some large whales)
 - It has a large brain compared to the body (Dolphins)
 - It has a large brain (Big whales (its not large  compared  to 
   the body, a cat has ten times the brain size))   
 - It sings new songs each year (One type only)
 - It has a advanced sonar (Dolphins)
 - It is killed in a inhuman way (it is in fact  killed  by  an 
   explosive that kills the whale instantly, It is the fastest way
   to kill an animal ever devised) 
 - Etc..

(You  might think i am a Pro whale fanatic,  but i don't  give  a 
shit,  i  have tasted whale meat and i didn't like it that  much. 
And  since there are more whales of the type we hunts  in  Norway 
than there have ever been before (minimum 1 200 000  animals,  we 
are  going  to kill 300-400 a year!) there are no reason  why  we 
shouldn't  hunt  it.  From  an enviornmental point  of  view  you 
should  in fact kill 100 000 - 200 000 of these small  whales  to 
make life easier for the big ones.)  


SHAVE THE WHALES III

Comments taken from different news papers.


                           British MP

Q:  You have gone strongly out against whale hunting, do you know 
how many Species of whales there are in the world?

MP: Are there more than one?!


                        Spanish EC member

Q: Why are you against whale hunting 

ECM: They are killed in a very barbaric way.

Q: But what about your own Bull fighting? 

ECM: Thats tradition.


SHAVE THE WHALES IV

Isn't  it  strange  that Onasis who was one of  the  people  that 
drove  some  of the large whales to the brink of  extinction  now 
gives out a much sought after enviornmental price!


SHAVE THE WHALES V

So why are Gro Harlem Bruntland so eager to start hunting  whales 
again?  Well you see, our labour party has lost popularity in the 
fishing communities due to their eagerness to make Norway a  part 
of  the EC and their dealings with the deal done between  EC  and 
EFTA  (they  have swapped Norwegian cod against non  existing  EC 
fish).  So  in a bid to be the party to really stand up  for  the 
fishers they restarted the Whale hunting. They can now stand tall 
against foreign pressure and protect the Whale hunters..  (the EC 
fish is still non existing...) 


SHAVE THE WHALES VI

Greenpeace didn't go close to the whale hunters with their  ship, 
'SOLO',  because it was 5-6 times bigger than the whale ships and 
it would therefore not look to good on TV as their image was 'The 
lone Greenpeace ship fights the mighty norwegian whale fleet'

The  norwegian  Greenpeace  leader  resigned  after   greenpeaces 
deliberate  manipulation  of facts in this  years  whale  debate. 
Greenpeace no longer exists on norwegian soil.  (This has changed 
sins i wrote it,  there is now a girl leading (leading who?)  the 
Greenpeace Norway org.)
   

SHAVE THE WHALES VII

The  Killer  Whales that Sea World in Florida uses  to  entertain 
punters has a death rate three times higher than those living  in 
nature. 

They  are also kept in a 'cage' that is microscopic  compared  to 
the  size travelled by a free Killer Whale,  A free killer  Whale 
can travel from the north pole to the seas around the south  pole 
and swim around the world in one year.

Killer  Whales  are  the most lethal  animal  in  the  sea,  only 
Kaselots comes close.  A full grown White shark wouldn't stand  a 
chance  in  a  sheer strength match.  Killer  Whales  have  never 
killed humans.
 

ARN'T THEY CUTE (Today's short story)

Isn't  it strange that Greenpeace still wants to save the  seals? 
The   seals  are  in  fact  developing  into   an   enviornmental 
catastrophe due to their explosive growth rate.  With Polar bears 
and  Killer  Whales still in a low number after over  hunting  by 
over  grandparents  the  only predator left to  keep  down  their 
number  where the most dangerous species on earth,  or  in  other 
words (fanfare) Humans!!  

But  then  (horror  of horrors) a group of  people  needed  money 
(dont we all).  This group called themselves GreenPeace and  sins 
people  had  yet  to understand that dropping  100  000  tons  of 
plutonium  into  their drinking water might affect  their  health 
they  needed something that could wake the average  citizen  from 
his  sleep.  To discuss this matter the leaders meet in a  remote 
little english town to find a solution to their  problems.

After  a long but fruitless debate they finally decided  to  drop 
the matter and in stead go out to see a movie,  unfortunately the 
only  thing showing was Bambi.   'Thats it' one of them  screamed 
in  the middle of the show 'We needs a dumb looking  animal  with 
big  sad  eyes  that we can  save  from  barbaric  slaughterers', 
'Yeah!'  they  all  shouted before they were thrown  out  of  the 
theatre.  

'We   could  start  a  Cow  protection  campaign'  one  of   them 
suggested,  'NO,  are you mad, all the farmers in the world would 
try to kill us and the public,  including me likes a good steak'. 
said  one of the others 'What we needs is a animal that  have  no 
economical  value  to most people and one they doesn't  have  for 
dinner'  he continued.  'It would also be good if the animal  was 
virginal  white  to further express its  purity,  and  the  blood 
would  be clearly visible on it' another added.  'Ha  you  idiot' 
the first said,  'there are not white animals'.  'Yes there  are' 
one of them added 'polar animals are with as  snow'.  

'Yes,  lets start the Polar Bear protection campaign' one of  the 
ones  that had kept his silence shouted into  the  night.  'Won't 
do'  the  first one said 'Polar bears eats humans  given  half  a 
chance and they are already protected,  but these bears must live 
of  something'.  'I think they eats seals' the silent  one  said. 
'seals,  hmmmmm,  seals they are white when they are  young,  and 
they do have big black eyes' the first one said 'But what are  we 
supposed to save them from,  are anyone hunting these seals?'  he 
ended.  'Yes  i  do in fact believe they are used  in  Furs'  the 
silent one added.  'Furs!' the first one shouted with a  gigantic 
smile on his face,  'This is perfect,  the average citizen  can't 
afford  furs,  so  not only can they support a  cute  animal  and 
thereby lose some of their guilt for eating little  animals,  but 
they can also kick the snobs ass at the same time' he finished.

And  so ends the story of how the seals became the  enviornmental 
icon of the world without ever being in any danger whatsoever.

(should  we have more anti green stuff?  NO lets  attack  someone 
else)


SMOKE ME BABY  
    
Virginia Slims (hereafter referred to as VS) started smoking when 
she  was 20 years old.  VS smoked an average of 10 cigiarettes  a 
day  until  she died of cancer at the age of 60,  VS  would  have 
been  hit  by  a truck and died at the age of 80  if  she  hadn't 
smoked.  

VS smoket 10 cigis a day for 40 years: 10*40*360=144 000 cigis

VS lost 20 years of life time: 20*360*24*60=10 368 000 minutes 

 10 368 000 minutes divided on 144 000 cigarettes = 72 minutes

Virginia Slims lost 72 minutes of lifetime on EACH cigarette  she 
smoked! 

How long time do you use on one cigarette?

 24 Hours * 60 Minutes =1440 minutes a day

 1440 minutes / 72 minutes = 20 cigis

For each 20th cigarette she smoked she lost one day.  Which means 
she lost one day for each second day she smoked!

How many days have you smoked?

I bet you started shivering now. (Ha Ha Ha)

Ok to be fair with you,  the average calculated loss of  lifetime 
for  each  cigarette  smoked is 6 minutes  and  40  secs,  (if  i 
remembers  it  right) 

BUT THAT INCLUDES PEOPLE THAT HAVE HARDLY SMOKED AT ALL AND  HAVE 
THEREFORE NOT RECEIVED ANY DAMAGE FROM IT.

But on the other hand you could be hit by a truck tomorrow....

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Next time i shall attack the Aids hysteria,  not the sickness but 
the  money  your mother and government gives to  all  those  poor 
people in the third world 

I  and  Gadafy has one thing in common,  we both believes  it  is 
going to lead to world war III....

PS. I am not a Neo-Nazi


Last Note added the 12.Now.1992

An important issue in the american election was the  Spotted-Owl. 
This  bird  is close to extinction and the question  was  if  you 
should stop chopping down trees,  and thereby lose a lot of jobs, 
to save it. Bush wants the jobs while Gore wants the owl. 

When i listened to the W.O.A.E.  (sponsored by the CIA)  election 
coverage  i  heard  Bush attack the Clinton/Gore  clan  with  the 
following:

....  If you votes for Gore this nation is going to be up to it's 
neck in owls. 

But  if  the nation would end up with Owls up to  its  neck  that 
would  solve  the problem!  The Owl would not be  in  any  danger 
anymore  and  you could go back chopping down the forest.  Not  a 
perfect attack on the enemy if you ask me.


  

