RETURN OF JEDI P12

     The Rebel cruisers move very close to the Imperial Star
     Destroyers and begin to blast away at point-blank range. Tiny
     fighters race across the giant surfaces, against a backdrop of
     laser fire.

     The control tower of a Star Destroyer is under attack.

                              REBEL PILOT
               She's gonna blow!

                              Y-WING PILOT
               I'm hit!

     The damaged Y-wing plummets toward the Star Destroyer, and
     crashes into the control tower, exploding.

114  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM                             114

     Out of the window and on the view screens, the Rebel fleet is
     being decimated in blinding explosions of light and debris. But
     in here there is no sound of battle. The Emperor turns to Luke.

                              EMPEROR
               Your fleet has lost. And your friends on the
               Endor moon will not survive. There is no
               escape, my young apprentice. The Alliance
               will die...as will your friends.

     Luke's eyes are full of rage. Vader watches him.

                              EMPEROR
               Good. I can feel your anger. I am
               defenseless.  Take your weapon! Strike me
               down with all your hatred, and your journey
               towards the dark side will be complete.

     Luke can resist no longer. The lightsaber flies into his hand. He
     ignites it in an instant and swings at the Emperor. Vader's
     lightsaber flashes into view, blocking Luke's blow before it can
     reach the Emperor. The two blades spark at contact. Luke turns to
     fight his father.

115  EXT FOREST                                                    115

     The battle rages on. Stormtroopers fire on Ewoks with
     sophisticated weapons while their furry little adversaries sneak
     up behind the Imperial troopers and bash them over the head with
     large clubs.

     A walker marches through the undergrowth blasting Ewoks as it
     goes. An Ewok warrior gives the signal, and a pile of logs is cut
     loose. The logs tumble under the walker's feet, causing it to
     slip and slide until it finally topples over with a great crash.

     A scout bike races past and is lassoed with a heavy vine. The
     other end of the vine is tied to a tree, and the bike swings
     around in ever-tightening circles until it runs out of rope and
     crashes into the trees with a huge explosion.

     Chewie swings on a vine to the roof of one of the walkers. Two
     Ewoks cling to him. They land with a thud on the top of the
     lurching machine, then hang on for dear life. One of the Ewoks
     peeks through the window.

                              WALKER PILOT #1
               Look!

                              PILOT #2
               Get him off of there!

     The walker pilot opens the hatch to see what's going on. He is
     yanked out and tossed overboard before he can scream. The two
     Ewoks jump into the cockpit and knock the second pilot
     unconscious. The Ewoks are thrown violently as the mighty machine
     careens out of control. Outside, Chewie is almost knocked
     overboard; he sticks his head into the hatch with a series of
     angry barks. The Ewoks are too busy and frightened to listen to
     the Wookiee's complaint. Chewie slips inside the walker.

     Chewbacca's walker moves through the forest, firing laser blasts
     at unsuspecting stormtroopers, and destroying other Imperial
     walkers. The Ewoks shout and cheer as the giant machine helps
     turn the tide of the battle in their favor.

116  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER                                 116

     Han works furiously at the control panel; wires spark as he
     attempts to hotwire the door. He motions to Leia, who is blasting
     away at some stormtroopers.

                              HAN
               I think I got it. I got it!

     The three wires spark as the connection is made. With a LOUD
     WHOOSH, a second blast door crashes down in front of the first.

     Han frowns and turns back to the wires again. Leia exchanges
     shots with stormtroopers in the bushes, then suddenly cries out
     in pain, her shoulder hit by a laser blast.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, Princess Leia, are you all right?

                              HAN
               Let's see.

                              LEIA
               It's not bad.

                              STORMTROOPER (OS)
               Freeze!

     They freeze.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, dear.

                              STORMTROOPER
               Don't move!

     Leia holds her laser gun ready, behind Han, out of view of the
     two stormtroopers moving toward them. Han and Leia's eyes lock;
     the moment seems suspended in time.

                              HAN
               I love you.

     Another shared look between them, as she smiles up at Han.

                              LEIA
               I know.

                              STORMTROOPER
               Hands up! Stand up!

     Han stands up slowly and turns, revealing the gun in Leia's hand.
     She disposes of the stormtroopers in a flash. As Han turns back
     toward Leia, he looks up to see a giant walker approach and stand
     before him, its deadly weapons aimed right at him.

                              HAN (to Leia)
               Stay back.

     The hatch on top of the walker opens and Chewie sticks his head
     out and barks triumphantly.

                              HAN
               Chewie!  Get down here!  She's wounded!  No,
               wait....  I got an idea.

117  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM                             117

     Luke and Vader are engaged in a man-to-man duel of lightsabers
     even more vicious then the battle on Bespin. But the young Jedi
     has grown stronger in the interim, and now the advantage shifts
     to him. Vader is forced back, losing his balance, and is knocked
     down the stairs. Luke stands at the top of the stairs, ready to
     attack.

                              EMPEROR (laughing)
               Good.  Use your aggressive feelings, boy!  Let
               the hate flow through you.

     Luke looks momentarily toward the Emperor, then back to Vader,
     and realizes he is using the dark side. He steps back, turns off
     his lightsaber, and relaxes, driving the hate from his being.

                              VADER
               Obi-Wan has taught you well.

                              LUKE
               I will not fight you, father.

     Vader walks back up the stairs to Luke.

                              VADER
               You are unwise to lower your defenses.

     Vader attacks, forcing Luke on the defensive. The young Jedi
     leaps in an amazing reverse flip up to the safety of the catwalk
     overhead. Vader stands below him.

                              LUKE
               Your thoughts betray you, father. I feel the
               good in you...the conflict.

                              VADER
               There is no conflict.

                              LUKE
               You couldn't bring yourself to kill me
               before, and I don't believe you'll destroy me
               now.

                              VADER
               You underestimate the power of the dark side.
               If you will not fight, then you will meet
               your destiny.

     Vader throws the laser sword and it cuts through the supports
     holding the catwalk, then returns to Vader's hand. Luke tumbles
     to the ground in a shower of sparks and rolls out of sight under
     the Emperor's platform. Vader moves to find him.

                              EMPEROR (laughs)
               Good.  Good.

118  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE                                        118

     The two armadas, like their sea-bound ancestors, blast away at
     each other in individual point-blank confrontations. A Star
     Destroyer explodes. The Rebel victor limps away, its back half
     alive with a series of minor explosions. The Rebel cruiser
     manages to move in next to a second Star Destroyer before it
     explodes completely, taking the Imperial Star Destroyer with it.
     The Falcon and several fighters attack one of the larger Imperial
     ships.

                              LANDO
               Watch out. Squad at .06.

                              REBEL PILOT
               I'm on it, Gold Leader.

                              WEDGE
               Good shot, Red Two.

                              LANDO
               Now...come on, Han, old buddy. Don't let me
               down.

119  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM                                     119

     Controllers watch the main viewscreen on which a vague figure of
     an Imperial walker pilot can be seen. There is a great deal of
     static and interference.

                              HAN/PILOT (VO)
               It's over, Commander. The Rebels have been
               routed. They're fleeing into the woods. We
               need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.

     The controllers cheer.

                              CONTROL ROOM COMMANDER
               Send three squads to help. Open the back
               door.

                              SECOND COMMANDER
               Yes, sir.

120  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER                                 120

     As the door to the bunker opens and the Imperial troops rush out,
     they're surprised to find themselves surrounded by Rebels, their
     weapons pointed at them. Ewoks holding bows and arrows appear on
     the roof of the bunker. The Imperial troops throw down their guns
     as Han and Chewie rush inside the bunker with explosive charges.

121  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM                                     121

     Han, Chewie, and several troops rush into the control room and
     plant explosive charges on the control panels and rush out.

                              HAN
               Throw me another charge.

122  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM                             122

     Vader stalks the low-ceilinged area on the level below the
     throne, searching for Luke in the semi-darkness, his lightsaber
     held ready.

                              VADER
               You cannot hide forever, Luke.

                              LUKE
               I will not fight you.

                              VADER
               Give yourself to the dark side. It is the
               only way you can save your friends. Yes, your
               thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them
               are strong. Especially for...

     Vader stops and senses something. Luke shuts his eyes tightly, in
     anguish.

                              VADER
               Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your
               feelings have now betrayed her, too. Obi-Wan
               was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure
               is complete. If you will not turn to the dark
               side, then perhaps she will.

                              LUKE
               Never-r-r!

     Luke ignites his lightsaber and screams in anger, rushing at his
     father with a frenzy we have not seen before. Sparks fly as Luke
     and Vader fight in the cramped area. Luke's hatred forces Vader
     to retreat out of the low area and across a bridge overlooking a
     vast elevator shaft. Each stroke of Luke's sword drives his
     father further toward defeat.

     The Dark Lord is knocked to his knees, and as he raises his sword
     to block another onslaught, Luke slashes Vader's right hand off
     at the wrist, causing metal and electronic parts to fly from the
     mechanical stump. Vader's sword clatters uselessly away, over the
     edge of the platform and into the bottomless shaft below. Luke
     moves over Vader and holds the blade of his sword to the Dark
     Lord's throat. The Emperor watches with uncontrollable, pleased
     agitation.

                              EMPEROR
               Good! Your hate has made you powerful. Now,
               fulfill your destiny and take your father's
               place at my side!

     Luke looks at his father's mechanical hand, then to his own
     mechanical, black-gloved hand, and realizes how much he is
     becoming like his father. He makes the decision for which he
     has spent a lifetime in preparation. Luke steps back and hurls
     his lightsaber away.

                              LUKE
               Never! I'll never turn to the dark side.
               You've failed, Your Highness. I am a Jedi,
               like my father before me.

     The Emperor's glee turns to rage.

                              EMPEROR
               So be it...Jedi.

123  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER                                 123

     Han and several of the fighters run out of the bunker and race
     across the clearing.

                              HAN
               Move! Move!

     A shock wave knocks them flat as the bunker explodes, followed by
     a spectacular display as the huge shield-generator radar dish
     explodes along with the bunker.

124  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE                               124

     Ackbar, sitting in his control chair, speaks into the radio.

                              ACKBAR
               The shield is down! Commence attack on the
               Death Star's main reactor.

                              LANDO
               We're on our way. Red Group, Gold Group, all
               fighters follow me. (laughs) Told you they'd
               do it!

     The Falcon, followed by several smaller Rebel fighters, heads
     toward the unfinished superstructure of the Death Star.

125  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM                             125

     Luke stands still, as the Emperor reaches the bottom of the
     stairs. The Emperor's laughter has turned to anger. He raises his
     arms toward Luke.

                              EMPEROR
               If you will not be turned, you will be
               destroyed.

     Blinding bolts of energy, evil lightning, shoot from the
     Emperor's hands at Luke. Even in his surprise, the young Jedi
     tries to use the Force to deflect them. At first he is half
     successful, but after a moment the bolts of energy are coming
     with such speed and power the young Jedi shrinks before them, his
     knees buckling. The wounded Vader struggles to his feet, and
     moves to stand at his master's side.

                              EMPEROR
               Young fool...only now, at the end, do you
               understand.

     Luke is almost unconscious beneath the continuing assault of the
     Emperor's lightning. He clutches a canister to keep from falling
     into the bottomless shaft as the bolts tear through him.

                              EMPEROR
               Your feeble skills are no match for the power
               of the dark side. You have paid the price for
               your lack of vision.

     Luke writhes on the floor in unbearable pain, reaching weakly up
     toward where Vader stands watching.

