RETURN OF JEDI P7
                              LEIA
               Now we find out if that code is worth the
               price we paid.

                              HAN
               It'll work. It'll work.

     Chewie whines nervously. Luke stares at the Huge Super Star
     Destroyer that looms ever larger before them.

                              LUKE
               Vader's on that ship.

                              HAN
               Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot
               of command ships. Keep your distance though,
               Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to
               keep your distance.

     Chewie barks a question.

                              HAN
               I don't know.  Fly casual.

                              LUKE
               I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have
               come.

                              HAN
               It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's
               keep a little optimism here.

     Chewie barks his worries as the Super Star Destroyer grows larger
     out the window.

60   INT VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE                            60

     Lord Vader stands, back to us, staring out a window at the Death
     Star. Now, some vibration felt only by him causes him to turn.
     After a moment of stillness, he walks down the row of controllers
     to where ADMIRAL PIETT is leaning over the tracking screen of the
     controller we've seen earlier. Piett straightens at Vader's
     approach.

                              VADER
               Where is that shuttle going?

                              PIETT (into comlink)
               Shuttle Tydirium, what is your cargo and
               destination?

                              PILOT VOICE (HAN)(filtered)
               Parts and technical crew for the forest moon.

     The Bridge Commander looks to Vader for a reaction.

                              VADER
               Do they have a code clearance?

                              PIETT
               It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I
               was about to clear them.

     Vader looks upward, as he senses Luke's presence.

                              PIETT
               Shall I hold them?

                              VADER
               No. Leave them to me. I will deal with them
               myself.

                              PIETT (surprised)
               As you wish, my lord.
               (to controller) Carry on.

     Piett nods at controller, who switches on his comlink.

61   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT                          61

     The group waits tensely.

                              HAN
               They're not goin' for it, Chewie.

                              CONTROLLER (filtered)
               Shuttle Tydirium, deactivation of the shield
               will commence immediately. Follow your
               present course.

     Everyone breaths a sigh of relief. Everyone but Luke, who looks
     worried. Chewie barks.

                              HAN
               Okay! I told you it was gonna work. No
               problem.

62   EXT SPACE - STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - ENDOR                    62

     The stolen Imperial shuttle moves off toward the green Sanctuary
     Moon.

63   EXT FOREST LANDING SITE - ENDOR                                63

     The stolen Imperial shuttle sits in a clearing of the moon's
     dark, primeval forest, dwarfed by the ancient towering trees.

     On an adjacent hill, the helmeted Rebel contingent makes its way
     up a steep trail. Leia and Han are slightly ahead of Chewie and
     Luke. The troops of the strike-team squad follow, with Artoo and
     Threepio bringing up the rear. Artoo beeps.

     Up ahead, Chewie and Leia reach a crest in the hill and drop
     suddenly to the ground, signaling the rest of the group to stop.
     Han and Luke crawl up to take a look.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, I told you it was dangerous here.

     THEIR POV. Not far below them, two IMPERIAL SCOUTS are wandering
     through bushes in the valley below. Their two ROCKET BIKES are
     parked nearby.

                              LEIA
               Shall we try and go around?

                              HAN
               It'll take time. This whole party'll be for
               nothing if they see us.

     Leia motions for the squad to stay put, then she, Han, Luke and
     Chewie start quietly down.

64   EXT FOREST CLEARING - CAMPSITE                                 64

     The four friends make their way to the edge of the clearing not
     far from the two Imperial scouts.

                              HAN
               Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay
               here.

                              LUKE
               Quietly, there might be more of them out
               there.

                              HAN (grins)
               Hey... it's me.

     Han and Chewie turn and start through the bushes toward the
     scouts. Luke and Leia exchange smiles.

     Han sneaks up behind one of the scouts, steps on a twig and the
     scout whirls, knocking Han into a tree. The scout shouts for his
     companion.

                              SCOUT #1
               Go for help! Go!

     The second scout jumps on his speeder bike and takes off, but
     Chewie gets off a shot on his crossbow laser weapon, causing the
     scout to crash into a tree. Han and Scout #1 are in a rousing
     fistfight.

                              LUKE (sarcastic)
               Great. Come on.

     Luke starts for the scuffle, followed by Leia with her laser
     pistol drawn. As they run through the bushes, Leia stops and
     points to where two more scouts are sitting on their speeder
     bikes, with an unoccupied bike parked nearby.

                              LEIA
               Over there! Two more of them!

                              LUKE
               I see them. Wait, Leia!

     But Leia doesn't hear him and races for the remaining speeder
     bike. She starts it up and takes off as Luke jumps on the bike
     behind her.

                              LUKE (pointing to the controls)
               Quick! Jam their comlink. Center switch!

     Luke and Leia speed into the dense foliage in hot pursuit, barely
     avoiding two huge trees.

                              HAN
               Hey, wait! Ahhh!

     He flips the remaining scout to the ground.

65   EXT FOREST - THE BIKE CHASE                                    65

     The two fleeing Imperial scouts have a good lead as Luke and Leia
     pursue through the giant trees at 200 miles an hour, the fire
     from their bike's laser cannon hitting harmlessly near the moving
     targets.

                              LUKE
               Move closer!

     Leia guns it, closing the gap, as the two scouts recklessly veer
     through a narrow gap in the trees. One of the bikes SCRAPES a
     tree, slowing the scout.

                              LUKE
               Get alongside that one!

     Leia pulls her speeder bike up so close to the scout's bike that
     their steering vanes SCRAPE noisily. Luke leaps from his bike to
     the back of the scout's, grabs the Imperial warrior around the
     neck, and flips him off the bike, into a thick tree trunk. Luke
     gains control of the bike and follows Leia, who has pulled ahead.
     They tear off after the remaining scout.

                              LUKE
               Get him!

     The speeding chase passes TWO MORE IMPERIAL SCOUTS. These two
     swing into pursuit, chasing Luke and Leia, firing away with their
     laser cannon. The two Rebels look behind them just as Luke's bike
     takes a glancing hit.

                              LUKE (indicating the one ahead)
               Keep on that one! I'll take these two!

     With Leia shooting ahead, Luke suddenly slams his steering vanes
     into the braking mode. Luke's bike is a blur to the two pursuing
     scouts as they zip by him on either side. Luke slams his bike
     into forward and starts firing away, having switched places with
     his pursuers in a manner of seconds. Luke's aim is good and one
     scout's bike is blasted out of control. It explodes against a
     tree trunk.

     The scout's cohort takes one glance back at the flash and shifts
     into turbo drive, going even faster. Luke keeps on his tail.

     FAR AHEAD, Leia and the first scout are doing a highspeed slalom
     through the death-dealing trunks. Now Leia aims her bike skyward
     and rises out of sight.

     The scout turns in confusion, unable to see his pursuer.
     Suddenly, Leia dives down upon him from above, cannon blasting.
     The scout's bike takes a glancing hit.

     Leia moves in alongside him. The scout eyes her beside him,
     reaches down, and pulls out a handgun. Before Leia can react, the
     scout has blasted her bike, sending it out of control. Leia dives
     off as her bike explodes against a tree. The happy scout looks
     back at the explosion. But when he turns forward again, he is on
     a collision course with a giant fallen tree. He hits his brakes
     to no avail and disappears in a conflagration.

     ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST: Luke and the last remaining scout
     continue their weaving chase through the trees. Now Luke moves up
     close. The scout responds by slamming his bike into Luke's. A
     fallen tree forms a bridge across their path. The scout zips
     under. Luke goes over the top and crashes his bike down on the
     scout's. Both riders look ahead - a wide trunk looms directly in
     Luke's path, but the scout's bike beside him makes it almost
     impossible for him to avoid it. Luke banks with all his might,
     leaning almost horizontal over the scout's bike, and is able to
     make it by, just clipping the tree. When he straightens, he and
     the scout discover that their two bikes have locked front vanes
     and are moving as one.

     Another big tree looms in Luke's path. He reacts instinctively
     and dives off his bike. The two bikes come apart a second before
     Luke's explodes against a tree. The scout sweeps out and circles
     back to find Luke.

     Luke rises from the undergrowth as the scout bears down on him
     and opens fire with his laser cannon. Luke ignites his laser
     sword and begins deflecting the bolts. The scout's bike keeps
     coming and it appears that in a second it will cut Luke in half.
     At the last instant, Luke steps aside and chops off the bike's
     control vanes with one mighty slash. The scout's bike begins to
     shudder, then, pitching and rolling, it rises up to slam directly
     into a tree in a giant ball of fire.

66   EXT SCOUT CAMPSITE - FOREST                                    66

     Han, Chewie, and the droids, along with the rest of the squad,
     wait anxiously in the clearing. Artoo's radar screen sticks out
     of his domed head and revolves, scanning the forest. He beeps.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, General Solo, somebody's coming. Oh!

     Han, Chewie, and the rest of the squad raise their weapons.

     Luke steps out of the foliage to find the weapons trained on him.
     He's too tired to care. He plops himself down on a boulder and
     looks around.

                              HAN
               Luke! Where's Leia?

                              LUKE (concerned)
               What? She didn't come back?

                              HAN
               I thought she was with you.

                              LUKE
               We got separated.

     Luke and Han exchange a silent, grim look. Luke gets up wearily.

                              LUKE
               Hey, we better go look for her.

     Han nods, and signals to a Rebel officer.

                              HAN
               Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the
               shield generator at 0300.

                              LUKE
               Come on, Artoo.  We'll need your scanners.

     Luke, Chewie, Han, and the droids move off in one direction as
     the squad proceeds in another.

                              THREEPIO
               Don't worry, Master Luke.  We know what to
               do.

     They move off into the woods.

                              THREEPIO (to Artoo)
               And you said it was pretty here. Ugh!

67   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE                        67

     A strange little furry face with huge black eyes comes slowly
     into view. The creature is an EWOK, by the name of WICKET. He
     seems somewhat puzzled, and prods Leia with a spear. The princess
     groans; this frightens the stubby ball of fuzz and he prods her
     again. Leia sits up and stares at the three-foot-high Ewok. She
     tries to figure out where she is and what has happened. Her
     clothes are torn; she's bruised and disheveled.

     The Ewok jumps up and grabs a four-foot-long spear, which he
     holds in a defensive position. Leia watches him as he circles
     warily and begins poking her with the sharp point of the spear.

                              LEIA
               Cut it out!

     She stands up, and the Ewok quickly backs away.

                              LEIA
               I'm not gonna hurt you.

     Leia looks around at the dense forest, and at the charred remains
     of her speeder bike, then sits down, with a sigh, on a fallen
     log.

                              LEIA
               Well, looks like I'm stuck here. Trouble is,
               I don't know where here is.

     She puts her head in her hands to rub away some of the soreness
     from her fall. She looks over at the watchful little Ewok and
     pats the log beside her.

                              LEIA
               Well, maybe you can help me. Come on, sit
               down.

     Wicket holds his spear up warily and growls at her like a puppy.
     Leia pats the log again.

                              LEIA
               I promise I won't hurt you. Now come here.

     More growls and squeaks from the little bear creature.

                              LEIA
               All right. You want something to eat?

     She takes a scrap of food out of her pocket and offers it to him.
     Wicket takes a step backward, then cocks his head and moves
     cautiously toward Leia, chattering in his squeaky Ewok language.

                              LEIA
               That's right. Come on. Hmmm?

     Sniffing the food curiously, the Ewok comes toward Leia and sits
     on the log beside her. She takes off her helmet, and the little
     creature jumps back, startled again. He runs along the log,
     pointing his spear at her and chattering a blue streak. Leia
     holds out the helmet to him.

