RETURN OF JEDI P8
                              LEIA
               Look, it's a hat. It's not gonna hurt you.
               Look. You're a jittery little thing, aren't
               you?

     Reassured, Wicket lowers his spear and climbs back on the log,
     coming to investigate the helmet. Suddenly his ears perk up and
     he begins to sniff the air. He looks around warily, whispering
     some Ewokese warning to Leia.

                              LEIA
               What is it?

     Suddenly a laser bolt comes out of the foliage and explodes on
     the log next to Leia. Leia and Wicket both roll backwards off the
     log, hiding behind it. Leia holds her own laser gun ready, while
     Wicket disappears underneath the log. Another shot, and still no
     sight of anyone in the forest. Then Leia senses something and
     turns to find a large IMPERIAL SCOUT standing over her with his
     weapon pointed at her head. He reaches out his hand for her
     weapon.

                              SCOUT #l
               Freeze!  Come on, get up!

     She hands the weapon over, as a second scout emerges from the
     foliage in front of the log.

                              SCOUT #1
               Go get your ride and take her back to base.

                              SCOUT #2
               Yes, sir.

     The second scout starts toward his bike, as Wicket, crouched
     under the log, extends his spear and hits the first scout on the
     leg. The scout jumps and lets out an exclamation, and looks down
     at Wicket, puzzled. Leia grabs a branch and knocks him out. She
     dives for his laser pistol, and the second scout, now on his
     bike, takes off. Leia fires away and hits the escaping bike,
     causing it to crash into the first scout's bike, which flies end
     over end and explodes. The forest is quiet once more. Wicket
     pokes his fuzzy head up from behind the log and regards Leia with
     new respect. He mumbles his awe. Leia hurries over, looking
     around all the time, and motions the chubby little creature into
     the dense foliage.

                              LEIA
               Come on, let's get outta here.

     As they move into the foliage, Wicket takes the lead. He shrieks
     and tugs at Leia to follow him.

68   INT DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR TO EMPEROR'S TOWER                   68

     Darth Vader walks down the corridor to the Emperor's Tower and
     private elevator. The Emperor's private guard steps in Vader's
     path.

                              GUARD
               Halt! The Emperor does not wish to be
               disturbed at the moment.

                              VADER
               (raising his gloved hand to the two guards
               and choking them with the Force)
               The Emperor will see me, now!

                              GUARD
               (repeating Vader's command)
               The Emperor will see you, now.

69   INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM                              69

     Two red Imperial Guards stand watch at the elevator as the door
     opens to reveal Vader. Vader enters the eerie, foreboding throne
     room. It appears to be empty. His footsteps echo as he approaches
     the throne. He waits, absolutely still. The Emperor sits with his
     back to the Dark Lord.

                              EMPEROR
               I told you to remain on the command ship.

                              VADER
               A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield
               and landed on Endor.

                              EMPEROR (no surprise)
               Yes, I know.

                              VADER (after a beat)
               My son is with them.

                              EMPEROR (very cool)
               Are you sure?

                              VADER
               I have felt him, my Master.

                              EMPEROR
               Strange, that I have not. I wonder if your
               feelings on this matter are clear, Lord
               Vader.

     Vader knows what is being asked.

                              VADER
               They are clear, my Master.

                              EMPEROR
               Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and
               wait for them.

                              VADER (skeptical)
               He will come to me?

                              EMPEROR
               I have foreseen it. His compassion for you
               will be his undoing. He will come to you and
               then you will bring him before me.

                              VADER (bows)
               As you wish.

     The Dark Lord strides out of the throne room.

70   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE                        70

     Han, Luke, Chewie, and the two droids are spread out as they move
     through the heavy foliage near the clearing where we last saw
     Leia. Luke finds Leia's helmet, picks it up with an expression of
     concern.

                              HAN (OS)
               Luke! Luke!

     Luke runs with the helmet to where Han has found the charred
     wreckage of a speeder bike in the grass.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, Master Luke.

                              LUKE
               There's two more wrecked speeders back there.
               And I found this.

     He tosses the helmet to Han.

                              THREEPIO
               I'm afraid that Artoo's sensors can find no
               trace of Princess Leia.

                              HAN (gravely)
               I hope she's alright.

     Chewbacca growls, sniffing the air, then, with a bark, pushes off
     through the foliage.

                              HAN
               What, Chewie? What? Chewie!

     The others rush to keep up with the giant Wookiee. As he scoots
     along, Artoo whistles nervously.

71   EXT FOREST - DENSE FOLIAGE                                     71

     The group has reached a break in the undergrowth. Chewie walks up
     to a tall stake planted in the ground. There is a dead animal
     hanging from it.

                              HAN
               Hey, I don't get it.

     The rest of the group joins the Wookiee around the stake.

                              HAN (cont)
               Nah, it's just a dead animal, Chewie.

     Chewie can't resist. He reaches toward the meat.

                              LUKE
               Chewie, wa-wait!  Don't!

     Too late. The Wookiee has already pulled the animal from the
     stake. SPROOING! The group finds itself hanging upside down in an
     Ewok net, suspended high above the clearing. Artoo lets out a
     wild series of beeps and whistles, and Chewie howls his regret.
     Their bodies are a jumble in the net. Han removes a Wookiee paw
     from his mouth.

                              HAN
               Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always
               thinking with your stomach.

                              LUKE
               Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out
               a way to get out of this thing. (trying to
               free an arm) Han, can you reach my
               lightsaber?

                              HAN
               Yeah, sure.

     Artoo is at the bottommost point in the net. He extends his
     cutting appendage and begins slicing at the net. Han is trying to
     squeeze an arm past Threepio to get at Luke's lightsaber. The net
     continues to spin.

                              THREEPIO
               Artoo, I'm not sure that's such a good idea.
               It's a very long dro-o-op!!

     Artoo has cut through and the entire group tumbles out of the
     net, crashing to the ground. As they regain their senses and
     sit up, they realize they are surrounded by dozens of Ewoks,
     each brandishing a long spear.

                              HAN
               Wha--?  Hey!  Point that thing someplace
               else.

     Han pushes the spear wielded by TEEBO out of his face and a
     second Ewok warrior comes up to argue with Teebo. The spear
     returns to Han's face. He grabs it angrily and starts to go for
     his laser pistol.

                              HAN
               Hey!

                              LUKE
               Han, don't. It'll be all right.

     The Ewoks swarm through them and confiscate their weapons. Luke
     lets them take his lightsaber. Chewie growls at the furry
     critters.

                              LUKE
               Chewie, give 'em your crossbow.

     Artoo and Threepio are just untangling themselves. Threepio gets
     free of the net and sits up, rattled.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, my head. Oh, my goodness!

     When the Ewoks see Threepio, they let out a gasp and chatter
     among themselves. Threepio speaks to them in their native tongue.
     The Ewok nearest him drops his spear and prostrates himself
     before the droid. In a moment, all the Ewoks have followed suit.
     Chewie lets out a puzzled bark. Han and Luke regard the bowed
     creatures in wonder. The Ewoks begin to chant at Threepio.

                              LUKE
               Do you understand anything they're saying?

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, yes, Master Luke!  Remember that I am
               fluent in over six million forms of
               communication.

                              HAN
               What are you telling them?

                              THREEPIO
               Hello, I think... I could be mistaken.
               They're using a very primitive dialect.  But
               I do believe they think I am some sort of god.

     Chewbacca and Artoo think that's very funny. Han and Luke
     exchange "what next?" looks.

                              HAN
               Well, why don't you use your divine influence
               and get us out of this?

                              THREEPIO
               I beg your pardon, General Solo, but that
               just wouldn't be proper.

                              HAN
               Proper?!

                              THREEPIO
               It's against my programming to impersonate a
               deity.

     Han moves toward Threepio threateningly.

                              HAN
               Why, you--

     Several Ewoks' spears are thrust in Han's face at the affront to
     their god. The Ewoks move in to protect their god and Han is
     surrounded by a menacing circle of spears, all aimed at him. He
     holds up his hands placatingly.

                              HAN
               My mistake. He's an old friend of mine.

72   EXT FOREST - SERIES OF SHOTS                                   72

     A procession of Ewoks winds through the ever-darkening forest.
     Their prisoners - Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo - are tied to long
     poles and wrapped in vines, cocoonlike.

     Each pole is carried on the shoulders of several Ewoks. Behind
     the captives, Threepio is carried on a litter, like a king, by
     the remaining creatures.

73   EXT FOREST WALKWAY - MOON FOREST                               73

     The procession moves along a shaky, narrow, wooden walkway, high
     in the giant trees. It stops at the end of the walkway, which
     drops off into nothingness. On the other side of the abyss is a
     village of mud huts and rickety walkways, attached to the giant
     trees. The lead Ewok takes hold of a long vine and swings across
     to the village square; the other Ewoks follow suit.

74   EXT EWOK VILLAGE SQUARE                                        74

     The procession winds its way into the village square. Mother
     Ewoks gather their babies up and scurry into their huts at the
     sight of the newcomers. The group stops before the largest hut.

     Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo are still bound to their poles. Han
     is placed on a spit above what looks like a barbecue pit and the
     others are leaned against a tree nearby. Threepio's litter/throne
     is gently placed near the pit. He watches with rapt fascination.
     Han, Luke, and Chewie are less than fascinated.

                              HAN
               I have a really bad feeling about this.

     Chewie growls his concern.

     Suddenly all activity stops as LOGRAY, the tribal Medicine Man,
     comes out of the big hut. He examines the captives carefully,
     goes to join Threepio, whose throne has been placed on an
     elevated platform. A larger, gray-haired Ewok, CHIEF CHIRPA, is
     examining Luke's lightsaber with great curiosity.

     Logray speaks to Threepio and the assemblage of fuzzy Ewoks,
     pointing to the prisoners tied to the stakes. The Ewoks begin
     filling the pit under Han with firewood.

                              HAN
               What did he say?

                              THREEPIO
               I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it
               appears you are to be the main course at a
               banquet in my honor.

     The drums start beating, and all the furry heads turn to the
     large hut. Leia emerges, wearing an animal-skin dress. She sees
     what's happening at the same moment the prisoners see her.

                              HAN and LUKE
               Leia!

     As she moves toward them, the Ewoks block her way with raised
     spears.

                              LEIA
               Oh!

                              THREEPIO
               Your Royal Highness.

     Artoo and Chewie chime in with their welcome. Leia looks at the
     assembled Ewoks and sighs.

                              LEIA
               But these are my friends. Threepio, tell them
               they must be set free.

     Threepio talks to Chirpa and Logray, who listen and shake their
     heads negatively. The Medicine Man gestures toward the prisoners
     and barks some orders. Several Ewoks jump up and pile more wood
     on the barbecue with vigor. Leia trades frantic looks with Luke
     and Han.

                              HAN
               Somehow, I got the feeling that didn't help
               us very much.

                              LUKE
               Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you
               wish, you'll become angry and use your magic.

                              THREEPIO
               But Master Luke, what magic? couldn't
               possibly --

                              LUKE
               Just tell them.

