RETURN OF JEDI P4

30   EXT SKIFF - PLANK                                              30

     Luke is prodded and jumps off the plank to the cheers of the
     bloodthirsty spectators. But, before anyone can even perceive
     what is happening, he spins around and grabs the end of the plank
     by his fingertips. The plank bends wildly from his weight and
     catapults him skyward. In midair he does a complete flip and
     drops down on the end of the plank in the same spot he just
     vacated, but facing the skiff. He casually extends an open palm
     and -- his lightsaber, which Artoo has sent arcing toward him,
     drops into his hand.

     With samurai speed, Luke ignites it and attacks the guard who
     prodded him off the plank, sending the hapless monster screaming
     overboard. The other guards swarm toward Luke. He wades into
     them, lightsaber flashing. Lando struggles with another guard at
     the back of the skiff.

31   EXT SARLACC PIT                                                31

     A bewildered guard lands in the soft, sandy slope of the pit, and
     begins sliding. He claws desperately as a Sarlacc tentacle grabs
     him and pulls him screaming into the viscous mouth.

32   INT SAIL BARGE                                                 32

     Jabba watches this and explodes in rage. He barks commands, and
     the guards around him rush off to do his bidding. The scuzzy
     creatures watching the action from the window are in an uproar.

33   EXT SKIFF                                                      33

     Luke knocks another guard off the skiff and into the waiting
     mouth of the Sarlacc. He starts to untie Chewie's bonds.

                              LUKE
               Easy, Chewie.

     At that moment, the deck gunmen on the barge unleash a series of
     blasts from a big cannon on the upper deck. Lando is tossed from
     the deck of the rocking skiff. He manages to grab a rope, and
     dangles desperately above the Sarlacc pit.

                              LANDO
               Whoa! Whoa! Help!

34   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE                                    34

     With two swift strides, the dangerous Boba Fett ignites his
     rocket pack, leaps into the air, and flies from the barge down to
     the skiff.

35   EXT SKIFF                                                      35

     Boba lands on the skiff and starts to aim his laser gun at Luke,
     who has freed Han and Chewie from their bonds. But before Boba
     can fire, the young Jedi spins on him, lightsaber sweeping, and
     hacks the bounty hunter's gun in half.

     Immediately, the skiff takes another direct hit from the barge's
     deck gun. Shards of skiff deck fly. Chewie and Han are thrown
     against the rail.

                              HAN
               Chewie, you okay? Where is he?

     The Wookiee is wounded and he howls in pain.

                              HAN
               I'm okay, pal.

     For a moment, Luke is distracted, and in that moment, Boba fires
     a cable out of his armored sleeve. Instantly, Luke is wrapped in
     a strong cable, his arms pinned against his side, his sword arm
     free only from the wrist down.  Luke bends his wrist so the lightsaber
     points straight up to reach the wire lasso and cuts through. Luke
     shrugs away the cable and stands free.

     Another blast from the Barge's deck gun hits near Boba and he is
     knocked unconscious to the deck, next to where Lando is hanging.

                              LANDO
               Han! Chewie?

                              HAN
               Lando!

     Luke is a little shaken but remains standing as a fusillade
     brackets him. The second skiff, loaded with guards firing their
     weapons, moves in on Luke fast. Luke leaps toward the incoming
     second skiff. The young Jedi leaps into the middle of the second
     skiff and begins decimating the guards from their midst.

     Chewie, wounded, tries to lift himself as he barks directions to
     Han, guiding him toward a spear which has been dropped by one of
     the guards. Han searches the deck as Chewie barks directions;
     finally he grabs hold of the spear.

     Boba Fett, badly shaken, rises from the deck. He looks over at
     the other skiff, where Luke is whipping a mass of guards. Boba
     raises his arm, and aims his lethal appendage.

     Chewie barks desperately at Han.

                              HAN
               Boba Fett?! Boba Fett?! Where?

     The space pirate turns around blindly, and the long spear in his
     hand whacks squarely in the middle of Boba's rocket pack.

     The impact of the swing causes the rocket pack to ignite. Boba
     blasts off, flying over the second skiff like a missile, smashing
     against the side of the huge Sail Barge and sliding away into the
     pit. He screams as his armored body makes its last flight past
     Lando and directly into the mucous mouth of the Sarlacc. The
     Sarlacc burps. Chewie growls a weak congratulations to Han.

36   INT SAIL BARGE                                                 36

     Leia turns from the spectacle outside, leaps onto Jabba's throne,
     and throws the chain that enslaves her over his head around his
     bulbous neck. Then she dives off the other side of the throne,
     pulling the chain violently in her grasp. Jabba's flaccid neck
     contracts beneath the tightening chain. His huge eyes bulge from
     their sockets and his scum-coated tongue flops out. The Exalted
     Hutt's huge tail spasms through its death throes and then slams
     down into final stillness. Leia struggles to free herself of her
     bondage.

37   EXT SKIFF                                                      37

     Luke continues to destroy the aliens on the guards' skiff, as Han
     extends his spear downward to Lando, who is still dangling
     precariously from a rope on the prisoner's skiff.

                              HAN
               Lando, grab it!

                              LANDO
               Lower it!

                              HAN
               I'm trying!

     A major hit from the barge deck gun knocks the skiff on its side.
     Han and almost everything else on board slides overboard. The
     rope breaks, and Lando falls to the side of the Sarlacc pit.
     Luckily, Han's foot catches on the skiff railing and he dangles
     above Lando and the pit. The wounded Wookiee holds onto the skiff
     for dear life as another hit from the deck gun rocks the skiff
     violently.

                              HAN
               Whoa! Whoa! Grab me, Chewie! I'm slipping.

     Chewie grabs hold of Han's feet, holding him upside down, as Han
     extends the spear toward Lando, who is clutching to the side of
     the pit.

                              HAN
               Grab it! L--Lando. Grab!

     Luke finishes off the last guard on the second skiff. He sees the
     deck gun blasting away at his helpless companions. Luke leaps
     from the skiff, across a chasm of air, to the sheer metallic side
     of the Sail Barge. Barely able to get a fingerhold, he begins a
     painful climb up the hull, when suddenly an ax smashes through a
     window an inch from his head. With Jedi agility, Luke grasps the
     wrist holding the ax and yanks the helpless guard through the broken
     window and into the deadly pit.

     The injured Chewie is reaching over the rail for the dangling
     Han, who is in turn blindly reaching down toward the desperate
     Lando. The Baron has stopped his slippage down the sandy slope of
     the Sarlacc pit by lying very still. Every time he tries to reach
     for Han, the loose sand moves him closer to his final reward.

                              HAN
               Grab it! Almost... You almost got it!

     Another blast hits the front of the tilted skiff, causing Lando
     to let go of the spear.

                              LANDO
               Hold it! Whoa!

     Again Han extends the spear toward Lando.

                              HAN
               Gently now. All... all right. Now easy, easy.
               Hold me, Chewie.

     Lando screams. One of the Sarlacc's tentacles has wrapped tightly
     around his ankle, dragging him down the side of the pit.

                              HAN
               Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move,
               Lando.

                              LANDO
               No, wait! I thought you were blind!

                              HAN
               It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.

                              LANDO
               All right! A little higher! Just a little
               higher!

     Han adjusts his aim as Lando lowers his head, and the fuzzy-eyed
     pirate fires at the tentacle. Direct hit. The tentacle releases
     Lando, and Chewie starts to pull them on board the skiff.

                              HAN
               Chewie, Pull us up! Come on! Okay... up,
               Chewie, up!

38   EXT UPPER DECK                                                 38

     The deck gunners have Chewie and the desperate dangling human
     chain in their gun sights when something up on deck commands
     their attention: Luke, standing before them like a pirate king,
     ignites his lightsaber. The deck gunners have barely reached for
     their pistols before the young Jedi has demolished them.
     Immediately, Luke turns to see two more gunners (who have been
     uncovering a giant gun at the end of the barge) racing for him,
     firing their laser pistols.

39   INT SAIL BARGE - OBSERVATION DECK                              39

     Leia is struggling against her chains in desperation as Artoo
     zips through the tumult of confused monsters to the rescue; the
     stubby little droid extends a small laser gun and blasts the
     chain apart.

                              LEIA
               Come on. We gotta get out of here quick.

     Artoo and Leia race for the exit, passing Threepio, who is
     kicking and screaming as Salacious Crumb, the reptilian monkey-
     monster picks out one of the golden droid's eyes.

                              THREEPIO
               Not my eyes! Artoo, help! Quickly, Artoo. Oh!
               Ohhh! You beast!

     Artoo zips over and zaps Salacious, sending him skyward with a
     scream, crashing into the rafters as Artoo, Leia, and Threepio
     (with his eye dangling from a wire) hurry off.

40   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE                                    40

     Luke is warding off laser blasts with his lightsaber, surrounded
     by guards and fighting like a demon. Leia emerges onto the deck
     as Luke turns to face another guard.

                              LUKE (to Leia)
               Get the gun! Point it at the deck!

     Leia turns toward the barge cannon, climbs on the platform, and
     swivels the gun around.

                              LUKE
               Point it at the deck!

     A laser blast hits Luke's mechanical hand and he bends over in
     pain, but manages to swing his lightsaber upward and take out the
     last of the guards. He looks at the wounded hand, which reveals
     the mechanism. He flexes the hand; it still works.

     Near the rail of the upper deck, Artoo and Threepio steady
     themselves as Threepio gets ready to jump. Artoo beeps wildly.

                              THREEPIO
               Artoo, where are we going? I couldn't
               possibly jump.

     Artoo butts the golden droid over the edge and steps off himself,
     tumbling toward the sand.

     Luke runs along the empty deck toward Leia and the barge gun,
     which she has brought around to point down at the deck.

                              LUKE
               Come on!

     Luke has hold on one of the rigging ropes from the mast. He
     gathers Leia in his other arm and kicks the trigger of the deck
     gun. The gun explodes into the deck as Luke and Leia swing out
     toward the skiff.

41   EXT SKIFF                                                      41

     Han leans panting against the rail as Chewie helps Lando onto the
     deck. Luke and Leia land on the skiff with flair.

                              LUKE
               Let's go! And don't forget the droids.

                              LANDO
               We're on our way.

     The Sail Barge is exploding in stages in the distance. Half of
     the huge craft is on fire.

42   EXT SAND DUNE                                                  42

     Threepio's legs stick straight up from the dune where he landed.
     Next to it, Artoo's periscope is the only thing above the sand.
     The skiff floats above them and two large electromagnets dangle
     down on a wire. With a loud CLANG, both droids are pulled from
     the sand.

43   EXT DUNE SEA                                                   43

     The little skiff skips around the burning Sail Barge, which
     continues its chain of explosions. As the skiff sails off across
     the desert, the barge settles to the sand and disappears in one
     final conflagration.

44   EXT DUNE SEA - LANDING AREA                                    44

     A ferocious sandstorm blocks our view. Then, through the ROAR, we
     HEAR THE VOICES of our heroes. They emerge slowly from the veil
     of sand, pressing on against the wind. First come Artoo and
     Threepio, followed by Leia guiding Han, then Luke and Lando come
     into view, each supporting one side of the towering Chewbacca,
     who hobbles from his wound.

     Soon, they can make out some large vague shapes in the blowing
     sand. It is the Millennium Falcon and, parked beside it, Luke's
     trusty X-wing and a two-seated Y-wing. They must shout to be
     heard.

                              HAN
               I don't know. All I can see is a lot of
               blowing sand!

                              LEIA
               That's all any of us can see.

                              HAN (blinking)
               Then I guess I'm getting better.

     As soon as the group huddles under the bulk of the Falcon, the
     wind dies down to something more describable as a severe weather
     condition. Threepio hits a switch, and the gang-plank lowers with
     a HUM.

                              HAN (turning to Luke)
               I've got to hand it to you, kid, you were
               pretty good out there.

                              LUKE (shrugging it off)
               I had a lot of help. Think nothing of it.

                              HAN
               No, I'm thinking a lot about it. That carbon
               freeze was the closest thing to dead there
               is. And it wasn't just sleepin'. It was a big
               wide awake nothing!

     Luke nods, as Chewie growls affectionately at the young Jedi
     warrior, mussing his hair like a proud uncle. And Leia warmly
     hugs him.

                              LUKE (moving to his ship)
               I'll see you back at the fleet.

                              HAN
               Why don't you leave that crate and come with
               us?

                              LUKE
               I have a promise I have to keep first... to
               an old friend.

     Luke and Artoo take off in their spacecraft.

                              HAN
               (looking dubiously at Lando, obviously
               remembering his friend's betrayal and
               subsequent aide)
               Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando.

                              LANDO
               Figured if I left you frozen like that you'd
               just give me bad luck the rest of my life, so
               I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or
               later.

                              LEIA
               He means "You're welcome."


