RETURN OF JEDI P2


9    INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR                                            9

     One of Jabba's Gamorrean guards marches Artoo and Threepio down a
     dank, shadowy passageway lined with holding cells. The cries of
     unspeakable creatures bounce off the cold stone walls.
     Occasionally a repulsive arm or tentacle grabs through the bars
     at the hapless droids. Artoo beeps pitifully.

                              THREEPIO
               What could possibly have come over Master
               Luke. Is it something I did? He never
               expressed any unhappiness with my work. Oh!
               Oh! Hold it! Ohh!

     A large tentacle wraps around Threepio's neck. He manages to
     break free, and they move on to a door at the end of the
     corridor.

10   INT BOILER ROOM                                                10

     The door slides open, revealing a room filled with steam and
     noisy machinery. The guard motions them into the boiler room,
     where they are met by a tall, thin humanlike robot named EV-9D9
     (EVE-NINEDENINE). Behind the robot can be seen a torture rack
     pulling the legs off a screaming baby work droid. A second
     power droid is upside down.  As smoking branding irons are
     pressed into his feet, the stubby robot lets out an agonized
     electronic scream. Artoo and Threepio cringe as the guard grunts
     to EV-9D9.

                              NINEDENINE
               Ah, good. New acquisitions. You are a
               protocol droid, are you not?

                              THREEPIO
               I am See-Threepio, human-cy...

                              NINEDENINE
               Yes or no will do.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh. Well, yes.

                              NINEDENINE
               How many languages do you speak?

                              THREEPIO
               I am fluent in over six million forms of
               communication, and can readily...

                              NINEDENINE
               Splendid! We have been without an interpreter
               since our master got angry with our last
               protocol droid and disintegrated him.

                              THREEPIO
               Disintegrated?

                              NINEDENINE (to a Gamorrean guard)
               Guard! This protocol droid might be useful.
               Fit him with a restraining bolt and take him
               back to His Excellency's main audience
               chamber.

     The guard shoves Threepio toward the door.

                              THREEPIO (disappearing)
               Artoo, don't leave me! Ohhh!

     Artoo lets out a plaintive cry as the door closes. Then he beeps
     angrily.

                              NINEDENINE
               You're a feisty little one, but you'll soon
               learn some respect. I have need for you on
               the master's Sail Barge. And I think you'll
               fit in nicely.

     The poor work droid in the background lets out another tortured
     electronic scream.

11   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM                                        11

     The court of Jabba the Hutt is in the midst of a drunken, raucous
     party. Sloppy, smelly monsters cheer and make rude noises as Oola
     and a fat female dancer perform in front of Jabba's throne.

     Jabba leers at the dancers and with a lustful gleam in his eye
     beckons Oola to come and sit with him. She stops dancing and
     backs away, shaking her head. Jabba gets angry and points to a
     spot next to him.

                              JABBA
               Da Eitha!

     The lovely alien shakes her head again and screams.

                              OOLA
               Na Chuba negatorie Na! Na! Natoota...

     Jabba is furious and pulls her toward him, tugging on the chain.

                              JABBA
               Boscka!

     He pushes a button and, before the dancer can flee, a trap door
     in the floor springs open and swallows her up. As the door snaps
     shut, a muffled growl is followed by a hideous scream. Jabba and
     his monstrous friends laugh hysterically and several revelers
     hurry over to watch her fate through a grate.

     Threepio cringes and glances wistfully at the carbonite form of
     Han Solo, but is immediately distracted by a gunshot offscreen.
     An unnatural quiet sweeps the boisterous gathering. On the far
     side of the room, the crush of debauchers moves aside to allow
     the approach of two guards followed by BOUSHH, an oddly cloaked
     bounty hunter, leading his captive, Han Solo's copilot, CHEWBACCA
     THE WOOKIEE.

     Bib takes his place next to his disgusting master, and whispers
     into his ear, pointing at Chewbacca and the bounty hunter. Jabba
     listens intently, then the bounty hunter bows before the gangster
     and speaks a greeting in a strange, electronically processed
     tongue (Ubese).

                              BOUSHH (in Ubese subtitled)
               I have come for the bounty on this Wookiee.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, no! Chewbacca!

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               At last we have the mighty Chewbacca.

     Jabba lets out a loud, long, blood-curdling laugh and turns to
     Threepio, waving him closer. The reluctant droid obeys.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, uh, yes, uh, I am here, Your
               Worshipfulness. Uh... yes!

     Jabba continues speaking, as Threepio nervously translates.
     Boushh listens, studying the dangerous creatures around the room.
     He notices BOBA FETT standing near the door.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh. The illustrious Jabba bids you welcome
               and will gladly pay you the reward of twenty-
               five thousand.

                              BOUSHH (in Ubese subtitled)
               I want fifty thousand. No less.

     Jabba immediately flies into a rage, knocking the golden droid
     off the raised throne into a clattering heap on the floor. Boushh
     adjusts his weapon as Jabba raves in Huttese and Threepio
     struggles back onto the throne. The disheveled droid tries to
     compose himself.

                              THREEPIO
               Uh, oh... but what, what did I say?
               (to Boushh)
               Uh, the mighty Jabba asks why he must pay
               fifty thousand.

     The bounty hunter holds up a small silver ball in his hand.
     Threepio looks at it, then looks at Jabba, then back to the
     bounty hunter. The droid is very nervous and Jabba is getting
     very impatient.

                              THREEPIO
               Because he's holding a thermal detonator.

     The guards instantly back away, as do most of the other monsters
     in the room. Jabba stares at the silver ball, which begins to
     glow in the bounty hunter's hand. The room has fallen into a
     tense hush. Jabba stares at the bounty hunter malevolently until
     a sly grin creeps across his vast mouth and he begins to laugh.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               This bounty hunter is my kind of scum.
               Fearless and inventive.

     Jabba continues.

                              THREEPIO
               Jabba offers the sum of thirty-five. And I
               suggest you take it.

     Bib and the other monsters study the bounty hunter and wait for
     his reaction. Boushh releases a switch on the thermal detonator
     and it goes dead.

                              BOUSHH
               Zeebuss.

                              THREEPIO
               He agrees!

     The raucous crowd of monsters erupts in a symphony of cheers and
     applause as the party returns to its full noisy pitch. Chewbacca
     growls. As he is led away we spot LANDO CALRISSIAN, disguised as
     a skiff guard in a partial face mask. The band starts up and
     dancing girls take the center of the floor, to the hoots of the
     loudly appreciative creatures.

     Boushh leans against a column with gunfighter cool and surveys
     the scene, his gaze stopping only when it connects with a glare
     from across the room. Boba Fett is watching him. Boushh shifts
     slightly, cradling his weapon lovingly. Boba Fett shifts with
     equally ominous arrogance.

12   INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR AND CELL                                  12

     Gamorrean guards lead Chewie down the same hallway we saw before.
     When a tentacle reaches out at the Wookiee, Chewie's ferocious
     ROAR echoes against the walls and the tentacle snaps back into
     its cell in terror. It takes all the guards to hurl Chewie
     roughly into a cell, slamming the door behind him. Chewie lets
     out a pathetic howl and bangs on the iron door.

13   EXT JABBA'S PALACE                                             13

     The palace is sitting in the light of the double sunset. On the
     road in front, a large toadlike creature flicks its tongue out
     for a desert rodent and burps in satisfaction.

14   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM - NIGHT                                14

     Silence. The room is deserted, only the awful debris of the alien
     celebration giving mute witness to the activity here before.
     Several drunk creatures lie unconscious around the room, snoring
     loudly.

     A shadowy figure moves stealthily among the columns at the
     perimeter of the room and is revealed to be Boushh, the bounty
     hunter. He picks his way carefully through the snoring, drunken
     monsters.

     Han Solo, the frozen space pirate, hangs spotlighted on the wall,
     his coffin-like case suspended by a force field. The bounty
     hunter deactivates the force field by flipping a control switch
     to one side of the coffin. The heavy case slowly lowers to the
     floor of the alcove.

     Boushh steps up to the case, studying Han, then turns to the
     controls on the side of the coffin. He activates a series of
     switches and, after one last, hesitant look at Han, slides the
     decarbonization lever. The case begins to emit a sound as the
     hard shell covering the contours of Han's face begins to melt
     away. The bounty hunter watches as Han's body is freed of its
     metallic coat and his forearms and hands, previously raised in
     reflexive protest, drop slackly to his side. His face muscles
     relax from their mask of horror. He appears quite dead.

     Boushh's ugly helmet leans close to Han's face listening for the
     breath of life. Nothing. He waits. Han's eyes pop open with a
     start and he begins coughing. The bounty hunter steadies the
     staggering newborn.

                              BOUSHH
               Just relax for a moment. You're free of the
               carbonite.

     Han touches his face with his hand and moans.

                              BOUSHH
               Shhh. You have hibernation sickness.

                              HAN
               I can't see.

                              BOUSHH
               You eyesight will return in time.

                              HAN
               Where am I?

                              BOUSHH
               Jabba's palace.

                              HAN
               Who are you?

     The bounty hunter reaches up and lifts the helmet from his head,
     revealing the beautiful face of PRINCESS LEIA.

                              LEIA
               Someone who loves you.

                              HAN
               Leia!

                              LEIA
               I gotta get you out of here.

     As Leia helps her weakened lover to stand up, the relative quiet
     is pierced by an obscene HUTTESE CACKLE from the other side of
     the alcove.

                              HAN
               What's that? I know that laugh.

     The curtain on the far side of the alcove opens, revealing Jabba
     the Hutt, surrounded by Bib and other aliens. He laughs again,
     and his gross cronies join in a cacophony of alien glee.

                              HAN
               Hey, Jabba. Look, Jabba, I was just on my way
               to pay you back, but I got a little
               sidetracked. It's not my fault.

     Jabba laughs.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               It's too late for that, Solo. You may have
               been a good smuggler, but now you're Bantha
               fodder.

                              HAN
               Look...

                              JABBA (cont Huttese subtitled)
               Take him away!

     The guards grab Han and start to lead him away.

                              HAN
               Jabba... I'll pay you triple! You're throwing
               away a fortune here. Don't be a fool!

     Han is dragged off, as Lando quickly moves forward and attempts
     to lead Leia away.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               Bring her to me.

     Jabba chuckles as Lando and a second guard drag the beautiful
     young princess toward him. Threepio peeks from behind a monster
     and quickly turns away in disgust.

                              LEIA
               We have powerful friends. You're gonna regret
               this...

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               I'm sure.

     Inexorably her lovely face moves to within a few inches of
     Jabba's ugly blob of a head, and Leia turns away in disgust.

                              LEIA
               Ugh!

                              THREEPIO
               Ohhh, I can't bear to watch.


15   INT DUNGEON CELL                                               15

     The heavy metal door of the dungeon whines and slowly creaks
     open. A guard throws the blinded star captain into the dark cell
     and the door slams shut behind him, leaving only a thin sliver of
     light from a crack in the door. Han is trying to collect himself
     when suddenly a growl is heard from the far side of the cell. He
     jumps back against the cell door and listens.

                              HAN
               Chewie? Chewie, is that you?

     The shadowy figure lets out a crazy yell and races toward Han,
     lifting him off the ground with a big hug that carries them into
     the light, revealing Chewie.

                              HAN
               Ah! Chew--Chewie!

     The giant Wookiee barks with glee.

                              HAN
               Wait. I can't see, pal. What's goin' on?

     Chewie barks an excited blue streak.

                              HAN
               Luke? Luke's crazy. He can't even take care
               of himself, much less rescue anybody.

     Chewie barks a reply.

                              HAN
               A...Jedi Knight? I--I'm out of it for a
               little while, everybody gets delusions of
               grandeur.

