RETURN OF JEDI P3

     Chewie growls insistently. He holds Han to his chest and pets his
     head.

                              HAN
               I'm all right, pal. I'm all right.

16   INT MAIN GATE AND HALL - JABBA'S PALACE                        16

     Noisily, the main gate lifts to flood the blackness with blinding
     LIGHT and reveal the silhouetted figure of LUKE SKYWALKER. He is
     clad in a robe similar to Ben's and wears neither pistol nor
     laser sword. Luke strides purposefully into the hallway. Two
     giant guards move to block Luke's path. Luke halts.

     Luke raises his hand and points at the puzzled guards, who
     immediately lower their spears and fall back. The young Jedi
     lowers his hand and moves on down the hallway.

     Bib Fortuna appears out of the gloom. He speaks to Luke as they
     approach each other, but Luke doesn't stop and Bib must reverse
     his direction and hurry alongside the young Jedi in order to carry
     on the conversation. Several other guards fall in behind them in
     the darkness.

                              LUKE
               I must speak with Jabba.

     Bib answers in Huttese, shaking his head in denial. Luke stops
     and stares at Bib; he raises his hand slightly.

                              LUKE
               You will take me to Jabba now!

     Bib turns in hypnotic response to Luke's command, and Luke
     follows him into the gloom.

                              LUKE
               You serve your master well.

     Bib responds.

                              LUKE
               And you will be rewarded.

17   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM                                        17

     Jabba is asleep on his throne, with Leia lying in front of him.
     Salacious sits by Jabba's tail, watching it wriggle. Leia is now
     dressed in the skimpy costume of a dancing girl; a chain runs
     from a manacle/necklace at her throat to her new master, Jabba
     the Hutt. Threepio stands behind Jabba as Bib comes up to the
     gangster slug.

                              THREEPIO
               At last! Master Luke's come to rescue me.

                              BIB
               Master.

     Jabba awakens with a start and Bib continues, in Huttese.

                              BIB
               ...Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               I told you not to admit him.

                              LUKE
               I must be allowed to speak.

                              BIB (in Huttese subtitled)
               He must be allowed to speak.

     Jabba, furious, clobbers Bib and shoves him away.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               You weak-minded fool! He's using an old Jedi
               mind trick.

     Luke stares hard at Jabba.

                              LUKE
               You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee
               to me.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               Your mind powers will not work on me, boy.

                              LUKE
               Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his
               friends. You can either profit by this... or
               be destroyed! It's your choice. But I warn
               you not to underestimate my powers.

     Jabba's laugh is mean and loud. Threepio attempts to warn Luke
     about the pit.

                              THREEPIO
               Master Luke, you're standing on...

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               There will be no bargain, young Jedi. I shall
               enjoy watching you die.

     Luke reaches out, and a pistol jumps out of a guard's holster and
     flies into Luke's hand. The bewildered guard grabs for it as
     Jabba raises his hand.

                              JABBA
               Bascka!

     The floor suddenly drops away, sending Luke and the hapless guard
     into the pit. The pistol goes off, blasting a hole in the
     ceiling. Jabba laughs and his courtiers join in. Leia starts
     forward but is restrained by a human guard-- Lando, recognizable
     behind his mask. She looks at him and he shakes his head "no."

18   INT RANCOR PIT                                                 18

     Luke and the guard have dropped twenty-five feet from a chute
     into the dungeonlike cage. Luke gets to his feet as the guard
     yells hysterically for help. A crowd gathers up around the edge
     of the pit as the door in the side of the pit starts to RUMBLE
     open. The guard screams in panic. Luke looks calmly around for a
     means of escape.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, no! The Rancor!

     At the side of the pit, an iron door rumbles upward and a giant,
     fanged RANCOR emerges. The guard runs to the side of the pit and
     tries futilely to scramble to the top. The hideous beast closes
     in on him.

     The Rancor moves past Luke, and as the guard continues to
     scramble, the Rancor picks him up and pops him into its slavering
     jaws. A few screams, and the guard is swallowed with a gulp. The
     audience cheers and laughs at the guard's fate.

     The monster turns and starts for Luke. The young Jedi dashes away
     just ahead of the monster's swipe at him, and picks up the long
     arm bone of an earlier victim. The monster grabs Luke and brings
     him up to his salivating mouth. At the last moment, Luke wedges
     the bone in the monster's mouth and is dropped to the floor. The
     monster bellows in rage and flails about, hitting the side of the
     pit, causing an avalanche.

     The monster crushes the bone in its jaws and sees Luke, who
     squeezes into a crevice in the pit wall. Luke looks past the
     monster to the holding cave beyond. On the far side of the
     holding cave is a utility door--if only he can get to it. The
     Rancor spots Luke and reaches into the crevice for him. Luke
     grabs a large rock and raises it, smashing it down on the
     Rancor's finger.

19   HOLDING TUNNEL - RANCOR PIT                                    19

     The Rancor lets out a loud howl as Luke makes a run for the
     holding cave. He reaches the door and pushes a button to open it.
     When he succeeds, he sees a heavy barred gate between him and
     safety. Beyond the gate two guards look up from their dinner.
     Luke turns to see the monster heading for him, and pulls with all
     his might on the gate. The guards move to the gate and start
     poking at the young Jedi with spears, laughing.

     Luke crouches (against the wall) as the monster starts to reach
     for him. Suddenly he notices a main door control panel halfway up
     the wall. As the Rancor moves in for the kill, Luke picks up a
     skull from the cave floor and hurls it at the panel. The giant
     overhead door comes crashing down on the beast's head, squashing
     it like a sledgehammer on an egg.

     A startled gasp is heard from the stunned court. There's
     consternation at this turn of events. Heads look to Jabba, who is
     actually turning red with anger. Leia cannot suppress her joy.
     Jabba utters harsh commands to his guards and they hurry off.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               Bring me Solo and the Wookiee. They will all
               suffer for this outrage.

21   INT RANCOR PIT                                                 21

     The Rancor KEEPERS have come into the cage and are examining
     their dead beast. One of them breaks down and weeps. The other
     glares menacingly at Luke, who is unworried. Several guards rush
     into the holding tunnel and take Luke away.

22   INT THRONE ROOM                                                22

     The crowd of creepy courtiers parts as Han and Chewie are brought
     into the throne room, and other guards drag Luke up the steps.

                              LUKE
               Han!

                              HAN
               Luke!

                              LUKE
               Are you all right?

                              HAN
               Fine. Together again, huh?

                              LUKE
               Wouldn't miss it.

                              HAN
               How are we doing?

                              LUKE
               The same as always.

                              HAN
               That bad, huh? Where's Leia?

     Luke looks to Leia.

                              LEIA
               I'm here.

     Threepio is standing behind the grotesque gangster as he strokes
     Leia like a pet cat. Several of the guards, including Lando,
     bring Luke from the other side of the room. Boba is standing
     behind Jabba.

     Threepio steps forward and translates for the captives.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, dear. His High Exaltedness, the great
               Jabba the Hutt, has decreed that you are to
               be terminated immediately.

                              HAN
               Good, I hate long waits.

                              THREEPIO
               You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea
               and cast into the pit of Carkoon, the nesting
               place of the all-powerful Sarlacc.

                              HAN (to Luke)
               Doesn't sound so bad.

                              THREEPIO
               In his belly, you will find a new definition
               of pain and suffering, as you are slowly
               digested over a thousand years.

                              HAN
               On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?

     Chewie barks his agreement.

                              LUKE
               You should have bargained, Jabba. That's the
               last mistake you'll ever make.

     Jabba cackles evilly at this.

     As the guards drag the prisoners from the throne room, a loud
     cheer rises from the crowd. Leia and Chewie exchange concerned
     looks, but Luke Skywalker, Jedi warrior, cannot suppress a smile.

23   EXT TATOOINE SEA - SKIFF                                       23

     Jabba's huge SAIL BARGE moves above the desert surface
     accompanied by two smaller SKIFFS. One of the skiffs glides
     close, revealing Luke, Han, and Chewie -- all in bonds --
     surrounded by guards, one of whom is Lando in disguise.

                              HAN
               I think my eyes are getting better. Instead
               of a big dark blur, I see a big light blur.

                              LUKE
               There's nothing to see. I used to live here,
               you know.

                              HAN
               You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.

                              LUKE
               Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've
               taken care of everything.

                              HAN
               Oh... great!

24   INT BARGE OBSERVATION DECK                                     24

     Jabba the Hutt rides like a sultan in the massive antigravity
     ship. His entire retinue is with him, drinking, eating, and
     having a good time. Leia is watching her friends in the skiff
     when the chain attached to her neck is pulled tight and Jabba
     tugs the scantily clad princess to him.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               Soon you will learn to appreciate me.

     Threepio wanders among the Sail Barge aliens, bumping into a
     smaller droid serving drinks, spilling them all over the place.
     The stubby droid lets out an angry series of beeps and whistles.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, I'm terribly sor... Artoo! What are you
               doing here?

     Artoo beeps a quick reply.

                              THREEPIO
               Well, I can see you're serving drinks, but
               this place is dangerous. They're going to
               execute Master Luke and, if we're not
               careful, us too!

              Artoo whistles a singsong response.

                              THREEPIO
               Hmm.  I wish I had your confidence.

25   EXT SARLACC PIT                                                25

     The convoy moves up over a huge sand pit. The Sail Barge stops to
     one side of the depression, as does the escort skiff. But the
     prisoner's skiff moves out directly over the center and hovers.
     At the bottom of the deep cone of sand is a repulsive, mucous-
     lined hole, surrounded by thousands of needle-sharp teeth. This
     is the SARLACC. A plank is extended from the edge of the
     prisoner's skiff. Guards release Luke's bonds and shove him out
     onto the plank above the Sarlacc's mouth.

26   EXT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK                                26

     Jabba and Leia are now by the rail, watching. Threepio leans
     forward and the slobbering villain mumbles something to him. As
     Threepio steps up to a comlink, Jabba raises his arm and the
     motley array of intergalactic pirates fall silent. Threepio's
     voice is amplified across loudspeakers.

                              THREEPIO
               Victims of the almighty Sarlacc: His
               Excellency hopes that you will die honorably.
               But should any of you wish to beg for mercy,
               the great Jabba the Hutt will now listen to
               your pleas.

27   EXT SKIFF                                                      27

     Han steps forward arrogantly and begins to speak.

                              HAN
               Threepio, you tell that slimy piece of...
               worm-ridden filth he'll get no such pleasure
               from us. Right?

     Chewie growls his agreement.

                              LUKE
               Jabba! This is your last chance. Free us or
               die.

     Lando moves unobtrusively along the skiff as Luke shoots a quick
     look of conspiracy to him.

28   INT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK                                28

     The assembled monsters rock with mocking laughter as Artoo zips
     unnoticed up the ramp to the upper deck. Jabba's laughter
     subsides as he speaks into the comlink.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               Move him into position.

     Jabba makes a thumbs-down gesture. Leia looks worried.

29   EXT BARGE - UPPER DECK                                         29

     Artoo appears from below and zips over to the rail facing the
     pit. Below, in the skiff, Luke is prodded by a guard to the edge
     of the plank over the gaping Sarlacc. Luke looks up at Artoo,
     then gives a jaunty salute: the signal the little droid has been
     waiting for. A flap opens in Artoo's domed head.

                              JABBA (in Huttese subtitled)
               Put him in.



