RETURN OF JEDI P11
                              LANDO
               Pull up! All craft pull up!

     The Falcon turns hard to the left. Out the window the stars and
     the Death Star move off right.

96   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR SHIELD                                  96

     The Falcon and the fighters of Red Squad veer off desperately to
     avoid the unseen wall.

97   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE                                97

     Alarms are screaming and lights flashing as the huge ship changes
     course abruptly. Other ships in the fleet shoot by outside as the
     armada tries to halt its forward momentum.

                              ACKBAR
               Take evasive action! Green Group, stick close
               to holding sector MV-7.

     A Mon Calamari controller turns away from his screen and calls
     out to Ackbar, quite excited. The Admiral rushes over to the
     controller.

                              CONTROLLER
               Admiral, we have enemy ships in sector 47.

     On the screen can be seen the moon, Death Star, and the massive
     Imperial fleet. Ackbar moves to the comlink.

                              ACKBAR
               It's a trap!

                              LANDO (over comlink)
               Fighters coming in.

     There is much excitement on the bridge as the attack begins.

     The Millennium Falcon and several squads of Rebel fighters head
     into an armada of TIE fighters. The sky explodes as a fierce
     dogfight ensues in and around the giant Rebel cruisers.

                              REBEL PILOT
               There's too many of them!

                              LANDO
               Accelerate to attack speed! Draw their fire
               away from the cruisers.

                              WEDGE
               Copy, Gold Leader.

     The battle continues around the giant cruisers.

98   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM                         98

     Through the round window behind the Emperor's throne can be seen
     the distant flashes of the space battle in progress.

                              EMPEROR
               Come, boy. See for yourself.

     The Emperor is sitting in his throne, with Vader standing at his
     side. Luke moves to look through a small section of the window.

                              EMPEROR
               From here you will witness the final
               destruction of the Alliance, and the end of
               your insignificant Rebellion.

     Luke is in torment. He glances at his lightsaber sitting on the
     armrest of the throne. The Emperor watches him and smiles,
     touches the lightsaber.

                              EMPEROR
               You want this, don't you? The hate is
               swelling in you now. Take your Jedi weapon.
               Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it.
               Give in to your anger. With each passing
               moment, you make yourself more my servant.

     Vader watches Luke in his agony.

                              LUKE
               No!

                              EMPEROR
               It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You,
               like your father, are now mine!

99   EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER                                  99

     Han, Leia, Chewie, and the rest of the strike team are led out of
     the bunker by their captors. The surrounding area, deserted
     before, is now crowded with two-legged Imperial walkers and
     hundreds of Imperial troops. The situation looks hopeless.

                              STORMTROOPER
               All right, move it! I said move it! Go on!

     From the undergrowth beyond the clearing comes a wild series of
     beeps and whistles. And --

                              THREEPIO
               Hello! I say, over there! Were you looking
               for me?

                              BUNKER COMMANDER
               Bring those two down here!

                              STORMTROOPER
               Let's go!

     Artoo and Threepio are standing near one of the big trees. As six
     Imperial stormtroopers rush over to take them captive, the two
     droids duck out of sight behind the tree.

                              THREEPIO
               Well, they're on their way. Artoo, are you
               sure this was a good idea?

                              STORMTROOPER
               Freeze! Don't move!

                              THREEPIO
               We surrender.

     The stormtroopers come around the tree and find the two droids
     waiting quietly to be taken. As the Imperial troops move to do
     that, however, a band of Ewoks drops down from above and
     overpowers them.

                              THREEPIO
               Ohhh! Stand back, Artoo.

     In a nearby tree, an Ewok raises a horn to his lips and sounds
     the EWOK ATTACK CALL. All hell breaks loose as hundreds of Ewoks
     throw their fuzzy bodies into the fray against the assembled
     stormtroopers and their awesome two-legged walkers.

     Biker scouts dart about blasting Ewoks, only to be crushed by a
     volley of rocks tossed by Ewoks from the trees above.

     In the confusion of the battle, Han and Leia break away and dive
     for the cover of the bunker door as explosions erupt around them.
     Han goes to the bunker door control panel.

                              LEIA
               The code's changed. We need Artoo!

                              HAN
               Here's the terminal.

                              LEIA (into comlink)
               Artoo, where are you? We need you at the
               bunker right away.

     Artoo and Threepio are hiding behind a log as the battle rages
     around them. Suddenly the stubby little astrodroid lets out a
     series of whistles and shoots off across the battlefield.
     Threepio, panicked, runs after him.

                              THREEPIO
               Going? What do you mean, you're going. But--
               but going where, Artoo? No, what! Artoo! Oh,
               this is no time for heroics. Come back!

     Biker scouts race around and over the two droids, blasting away
     at the little Ewoks as the furries scurry for cover.

     A group of Ewoks have moved a primitive catapult into position.
     They fire off a large boulder that hits one of the walkers. The
     walker turns and heads for the catapult, blasting away with both
     guns. The Ewoks abandon their weapons and flee in all directions.
     Just as the walker moves in to stomp the catapult, Ewoks drop
     vines restraining two huge logs that swing down and smash the
     walker's head flat.

     A line of Ewoks hang desperately to a vine that is hooked to a
     walker's foot. As the walker moves along, the fuzzy creatures are
     dragged behind.

     Two speeder bikes chase Ewoks through the underbrush. As the
     scouts round a tree, they are knocked off their bikes by a vine
     tied between two trees.

100  EXT SPACE                                                     100

     The Falcon and other Rebel fighters are engaged in a ferocious
     combat with Imperial TIE fighters, the battle raging around the
     cruisers of the Rebel armada.

101  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT                               101

     Lando is in radio communication with the pilots of the other
     Rebel squads.

                              LANDO
               Watch yourself, Wedge! Three from above!

                              WEDGE
               Red Three, Red Two, pull in!

                              RED TWO
               Got it!

                              RED THREE
               Three of them coming in, twenty degrees!

                              WEDGE

               Cut to the left! I'll take the leader!
               They're heading for the medical frigate.

     Lando steers the Falcon through a complete flip, as his crew
     fires at the TIEs from the belly guns.

                              NAVIGATOR
               Pressure's steady.

     The copilot Nien Nunb chatters an observation.

                              LANDO
               Only the fighters are attacking.  I wonder
               what those Star Destroyers are waiting for.

102  EXT SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET                                    102

     The giant Imperial Star Destroyer waits silently some distance
     from the battle. The Emperor's huge Super Star Destroyer rests in
     the middle of the fleet.

103  INT SUPER STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE                             103

     Admiral Piett and two fleet commanders watch the battle at the
     huge window of the Super Star Destroyer bridge.

                              COMMANDER
               We're in attack position now, sir.

                              PIETT
               Hold here.

                              COMMANDER
               We're not going to attack?

                              PIETT
               I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He
               has something special planned for them. We
               only need to keep them from escaping.

104  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM                             104

     The Emperor, Vader, and a horrified Luke watch the aerial battle
     fireworks out the window and on the viewscreens. Another Rebel
     ship explodes against the protective shield.

                              EMPEROR
               As you can see, my young apprentice, your
               friends have failed. Now witness the
               firepower of this fully armed and operational
               battle station. (into comlink) Fire at will,
               Commander.

     Luke, in shock, looks out across the surface of the Death Star to
     the Rebel fleet beyond.

105  INT DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM                                 105

     Controllers pull back on several switches. Commander Jerjerrod
     stands over them.

                              JERJERROD
               Fire!

106  INT DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER                                106

     A button is pressed, which switches on a panel of lights.

     A hooded Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever. A
     huge beam of light emanates from a long shaft. Two stormtroopers
     stand to one side at a control panel.

107  EXT DEATH STAR                                                107

     The giant laser dish on the completed half of the Death Star
     begins to glow; Then a powerful beams shoots out toward the
     aerial battle.

108  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE                                        108

     The air is thick with giant ships. In among them, Rebel X-wings
     dogfight with Imperial TIE fighters. Now an enormous Rebel
     cruiser is hit by the Death Star beam and is blown to dust.

     The Millennium Falcon roars over CAMERA, followed closely by
     several TIE fighters.

109  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT                               109

     The ship is buffeted by the tremendous explosion of the Rebel
     cruiser. Lando and his copilot are stunned by the sight of the
     Death Star firepower.

                              LANDO
               That blast came from the Death Star! That
               thing's operational! (into comlink) Home One,
               this is Gold Leader.

110  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE                               110

     Ackbar stands amid the confusion on the wide bridge and speaks
     into the comlink.

                              ACKBAR
               We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat.

                              LANDO
               You won't get another chance at this,
               Admiral.

                              ACKBAR
               We have no choice, General Calrissian. Our
               cruisers can't repel firepower of that
               magnitude.

                              LANDO
               Han will have that shield down. We've got to
               give him more time.

111  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER                                 111

     Artoo and Threepio make it to the door, as Han and Leia provide
     cover fire.

                              THREEPIO
               We're coming!

                              HAN
               Come on! Come on!

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, Artoo, hurry!

     The little droid moves to the terminal and plugs in his computer
     arm. A large explosion hits near Artoo, knocking him head over
     heels, finally landing on his feet. The stubby astrodroid's
     head is spinning and smoldering. Suddenly there is a loud
     SPROOING and Han and Leia turn around to see Artoo with all his
     compartment doors open, and all of his appendages sticking out;
     water and smoke spurt out of the nozzles in his body. Han rushes
     to the terminal, as Threepio rushes to his wounded companion.

                              THREEPIO
               My goodness! Artoo, why did you have to be so
               brave?

                              HAN
               Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing.

                              LEIA
               I'll cover you.

     Ewoks in handmade, primitive hanggliders drop rocks onto the
     stormtroopers, dive-bombing their deadly adversaries.  One is hit
     in the wing with laser fire and crashes.  A walker lumbers
     forward, shooting laser blasts at frantic Ewoks running in all
     directions.  Two Ewoks are struck down by laser blasts.  One
     tries to awaken his friend, then realizes that he is dead.

112  EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR                                        112

     The Rebel fleet continues to be picked off, from one side by the
     Death Star's deadly beam, from the other by the rampaging
     Imperial Star Destroyers.

113  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT                               113

     Lando steers the Falcon wildly through an obstacle course of
     floating giants. He's been yelling into the comlink.

                              LANDO (desperately)
               Yes! I said closer! Move as close as you can
               and engage those Star Destroyers at point-
               blank range.

                              ACKBAR
               At that close range, we won't last long
               against those Star Destroyers.

                              LANDO
               We'll last longer then we will against that
               Death Star...and we might just take a few of
               them with us.

