RETURN OF JEDI P10

     Vader signals to some distant stormtroopers. He and Luke stand
     staring at one another for a long moment.

                              LUKE
               Then my father is truly dead.

79   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING SHIELD GENERATOR                 79

     Han, Leia, Chewbacca, the droids, Wicket, and another Ewok scout,
     PAPLOO, hide on a ridge overlooking the massive Imperial shield
     generator. At the base of the generator is an Imperial landing
     platform. Leia studies the installation.

                              LEIA
               The main entrance to the control bunker's on
               the far side of that landing platform. This
               isn't gonna be easy.

                              HAN
               Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a
               lot of places more heavily guarded than this.

     Wicket and Paploo are chattering away in Ewok language. They
     speak to Threepio.

                              LEIA
               What's he saying?

                              THREEPIO
               He says there's a secret entrance on the
               other side of the ridge.

80   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET                                        80

     The vast fleet hangs in space near a blue planet. A giant Rebel
     Star Cruiser is up at the front, but now the Millennium Flacon
     roars up to a spot ahead of it, tiny in comparison.

81   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT                                81

     Lando is in the pilot seat. His alien copilot, NIEN NUNB, takes
     some getting used to in the familiar environs of the Falcon's
     cockpit. Lando speaks into his comlink.

                              LANDO
               Admiral, we're in position. All fighters
               accounted for.

                              ACKBAR (VO)
               Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume
               attack coordinates.

     Lando turns to his weird copilot.

                              LANDO
               Don't worry, my friends are down there.
               They'll have that shield down on time...(to
               himself) or this'll be the shortest offensive
               of all time.

     The copilot flips some switches and grunts an alien comment.

                              ACKBAR (VO)
               All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on
               my mark.

                              LANDO
               All right. Stand by.

     He pulls a lever, and the stars outside begin to streak.

82   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET                                        82

     We are treated to an awesome sight: first the Millennium Falcon,
     then Ackbar's Star Cruiser, then, in large segments, the huge
     fleet ROARS INTO HYPERSPACE. And disappears.

83   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING CONTROL BUNKER                   83

     Han, Leia, Chewie, the droids, and their two Ewok guides, Wicket
     and Paploo, have reunited with the Rebel strike squad. The entire
     group is spread through the thick undergrowth. Below them is the
     BUNKER that leads into the generator. Four Imperial scouts, their
     speeder bikes parked nearby, keep watch over the bunker entrance.
     Chewie growls an observation, and Paploo chatters away to Han in
     Ewok language.

                              HAN
               Back door, huh? Good idea.

     Wicket and Paploo continue their Ewok conversation.

                              HAN (cont)
               It's only a few guards. This shouldn't be too
               much trouble.

                              LEIA
               Well, it only takes one to sound the alarm.

                              HAN (with self-confident grin)
               Then we'll do it real quiet-like.

     Threepio explains what is going on to Wicket and Paploo. The
     Ewoks chatter a moment between themselves. Then Paploo jumps up
     and scampers into the underbrush.

     Threepio asks Wicket where Paploo went and is given a short
     reply.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh! Oh, my. Uh, Princess Leia!

                              LEIA
               Quiet.

                              THREEPIO
               I'm afraid our furry companion has gone and
               done something rather rash.

                              LEIA
               Oh, no.

84   EXT BUNKER - ENTRANCE                                          84

     Paploo has slipped out of the undergrowth near where the Imperial
     scouts are lounging. He silently swings his furry ball of a body
     onto one of the scout's speeder bikes and begins flipping
     switches at random. Suddenly, the bike's engine fires up with a
     tremendous ROAR. Paploo grins and continues flipping switches.
     The scouts leap up in surprise.

85   EXT RIDGE                                                      85

     Han, Leia and company watch in distress. Chewie barks.

                              HAN (sighs)
               There goes our surprise attack.

86   EXT BUNKER                                                     86

     The Imperial scouts race toward Paploo just as his speeder zooms
     into motion. Paploo hangs on by his paws and shoots away into the
     forest.

                              SCOUT
               Look! Over there! Stop him!

     Three of the Imperial scouts jump on their rocket bikes and speed
     away in pursuit. The fourth watches them go from his post at the
     door.

87   EXT RIDGE                                                      87

     Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange delighted looks.

                              HAN
               Not bad for a little furball. There's only
               one left. You stay here. We'll take care of
               this.

     Han and the Wookiee nod at each other and slip down toward the
     bunker. Threepio moves to stand next to Wicket and Artoo.

                              THREEPIO
               I have decided that we shall stay here.

88   EXT FOREST                                                     88

     Paploo sails through the trees, more lucky than in control. It's
     scary, but he loves it. When the Imperial scouts pull within
     sight behind him and begin firing laser bolts, he decides he's
     had enough. As he rounds a tree, out of their sight, Paploo grabs
     a vine and swings up into the trees. A moment later, the scouts
     tear under him in pursuit of the still-flying, unoccupied bike.

89   EXT BUNKER                                                     89

     Han sneaks up behind the remaining Imperial scout, taps him on
     the shoulder and lets the scout chase him behind the bunker into
     the arms of the waiting Rebel strike team. Han returns to the
     front, and taps out a pattern on the bunker door's control panel.
     Everyone stands out of sight, police-style, as the door opens.
     Han and Leia peek inside. No sign of life. The group enters the
     bunker silently, leaving one lookout behind.

90   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM                         90

     The elevator opens. Vader and Luke enter the room alone. They
     walk across the dark space to stand before the throne, father and
     son side by side beneath the gaze of the Emperor. Vader bows to
     his Master.

                              EMPEROR
               Welcome, young Skywalker. I have been
               expecting you.

     Luke peers at the hooded figure defiantly. The Emperor then looks
     down at Luke's binders.

                              EMPEROR
               You no longer need those.

     The Emperor motions ever so slightly with his finger and Luke's
     binders fall away, clattering to the floor. Luke looks down at
     his own hands, free now to reach out and grab the Emperor's neck.
     He does nothing.

                              EMPEROR
               Guards, leave us.

     The red-cloaked guards turn and disappear behind the elevator.

                              EMPEROR (to Luke)
               I'm looking forward to completing your
               training. In time you will call me Master.

                              LUKE
               You're gravely mistaken. You won't convert me
               as you did my father.

     The Emperor gets down from his throne and walks up very close to
     Luke. The Emperor looks into his eyes and, for the first time,
     Luke can perceive the evil visage within the hood.

                              EMPEROR
               Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it
               is you who are mistaken...about a great
               many things.

                              VADER
               His lightsaber.

     Vader extends a gloved hand toward the Emperor, revealing Luke's
     lightsaber. The Emperor takes it.

                              EMPEROR
               Ah, yes, a Jedi's weapon. Much like your
               father's. By now you must know your father
               can never be turned from the dark side. So
               will it be with you.

                              LUKE
               You're wrong. Soon I'll be dead...and you
               with me.

     The Emperor laughs.

                              EMPEROR
               Perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of
               your Rebel fleet.

     Luke looks up sharply.

                              EMPEROR
               Yes...I assure you we are quite safe from
               your friends here.

     Vader looks at Luke.

                              LUKE
               Your overconfidence is your weakness.

                              EMPEROR
               Your faith in your friends is yours.

                              VADER
               It is pointless to resist, my son.

     The Emperor turns to face Luke.

                              EMPEROR (angry)
               Everything that has transpired has done so
               according to my design. (indicates Endor)
               Your friends up there on the Sanctuary
               Moon...

     Luke reacts. The Emperor notes it.

                              EMPEROR (cont)
               ...are walking into a trap. As is your Rebel
               fleet! It was I who allowed the Alliance to
               know the location of the shield generator. It
               is quite safe from your pitiful little band.
               An entire legion of my best troops awaits
               them.

     Luke's look darts from the Emperor to Vader and, finally, to the
     sword in the Emperor's hand.

                              EMPEROR
               Oh...I'm afraid the deflector shield will be
               quite operational when your friends arrive.

91   INT BUNKER - MAIN CONTROL ROOM                                 91

     Han, Leia, Chewie, and the Rebel strike team storm through a door
     and enter the main control room, taking all of the personnel
     prisoner.

                              HAN
               All right! Up! Move! Come on! Quickly!
               Quickly, Chewie.

     The Rebel troops herd the generator controllers away from their
     panels. Leia glances at one of the screens on the control panel.

                              LEIA
               Han! Hurry! The fleet will be here any
               moment.

                              HAN
               Charges!  Come on, come on!

     Outside, Threepio watches nervously in the bushes as several more
     controllers and stormtroopers run into the bunker, leaving guards
     at the door.

                              THREEPIO (to Wicket)
               Oh, my! They'll be captured!

     Wicket chatters in Ewok language, and then takes off full steam
     into the forest.

                              THREEPIO
               Wa-wait! Wait, come back! Artoo, stay with
               me.

     Inside the bunker, Han looks up from setting charges as an
     Imperial commander enters.

                              COMMANDER
               Freeze! You Rebel scum.

     Han and Leia spin, to find dozens of Imperial weapons trained on
     them and their cohorts. A poised force of Imperial troops
     surround them. Even more pour into the room, roughly disarming
     the Rebel contingent. Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange looks.
     They're helpless.

92   EXT SPACE - ENDOR, DEATH STAR, REBEL FLEET                     92

     The Death Star and its Sanctuary Moon hang distant in space as
     the Rebel fleet comes out of hyperspace with an awesome roar. The
     Millennium Falcon and several Rebel fighters are at the front as
     the space armada bears down on its target.

93   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT                                93

     Lando flips switches, checks his screen, and speaks into the
     radio.

                              LANDO
               All wings report in.

                              WEDGE
               Red Leader standing by.

                              GRAY LEADER
               Gray Leader standing by.

                              GREEN LEADER
               Green Leader standing by.

                              WEDGE
               Lock S-foils in attack positions.

94   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE                                94

     From the bridge of the Rebel Headquarters Frigate, Admiral Ackbar
     watches the fighters massing outside his viewscreen.

                              ACKBAR
               May the Force be with us.

95   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT                                95

     Lando looks worriedly at his alien copilot, Nien Nunb, who points
     to the control panel and talks to Lando.

                              LANDO
               We've got to be able to get some kind of a
               reading on that shield, up or down. Well, how
               could they be jamming us if they don't know
               if we're coming.

     Lando shoots a concerned look out at the approaching Death Star
     as the implications of what he's just said sink in. He hits a
     switch on his comlink.

                              LANDO
               Break off the attack! The shield is still up.

                              RED LEADER (VO)
               I get no reading. Are you sure?


