RETURN OF JEDI P9

     Threepio speaks to the Ewoks. The Ewoks are disturbed. Logray
     steps forward and challenges Threepio. Luke closes his eyes and
     begins to concentrate.

                              THREEPIO
               You see, Master Luke; they didn't believe me.
               Just...

     Now the litter/throne, with Threepio sitting upon it, rises from
     the ground. At first Threepio doesn't notice and keeps talking.

                              THREEPIO
               ... as I said they wouldn't. Wha-wha-what's
               happening! Oh! Oh, dear! Oh!

     The Ewoks fall back in terror from the floating throne. Now
     Threepio begins to spin as though he were on a revolving stool,
     with Threepio calling out in total panic at his situation.

                              THREEPIO
               Put me down! He-e-elp! Master Luke! Artoo!
               Somebody, somebody, help! Master Luke, Artoo!
               Artoo, quickly! Do something, somebody! Oh!
               Ohhh!

     Chief Chirpa yells orders to the cowering Ewoks. They rush up and
     release the bound prisoners. Luke and Han enfold Leia in a group
     embrace. Luke notices the spinning Threepio, with Artoo beeping
     up at him, and slowly lowers the golden droid and the throne to
     the ground. Logray orders the little droid cut down. Artoo
     crashes to the ground. When the Ewoks set him upright, the little
     droid is fighting mad. Artoo beeps a blue streak at the nearest
     Ewok, and begins pursuing him, finally getting close enough to
     zap him with an electric charge. The Ewok jumps two feet in the
     air and runs away, screaming. A small group of Ewoks surround the
     giant Wookiee, scratching their heads and marveling at his
     height.

                              THREEPIO
               Oh, oh, oh, oh! Thank goodness.

                              LUKE
               Thanks, Threepio.

                              THREEPIO (still shaken)
               I...I never knew I had it in me.

75   INT CHIEF'S HUT - COUNCIL OF ELDERS                            75

     A glowing fire dances in the center of the spartan, low-ceilinged
     room, creating a kaleidoscope of shadows on the walls. Along one
     side, a group of ten Ewok elders flank Chief Chirpa, who sits on
     his throne. The Rebels sit along the walls of the hut, with
     Threepio between the two groups and Wicket and Teebo off to one
     side.

     Threepio is in the midst of a long, animated speech in the Ewok's
     squeaky native tongue. The Ewoks listen carefully and
     occasionally murmur comments to each other. Threepio points
     several times at the Rebel group and pantomimes a short history
     of the Galactic Civil War, mimicking the explosion and rocket
     sounds, imitating Imperial walkers. Throughout the long account,
     certain familiar names are distinguishable in English: Princess
     Leia, Artoo, Darth Vader, Death Star, Jedi, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Artoo
     begins beeping excitedly at Threepio.

                              THREEPIO
               Yes, Artoo. I was just coming to that.

     Threepio continues with: Millennium Falcon, Cloud City, Vader,
     Han Solo, carbonite, Sarlacc, bringing the history up to the
     present time.

     At the end of it, the Chief, Logray, and the elders confer, then
     nod in agreement. The Chief stands and makes a pronouncement.

     The drums begin to sound, and all the Ewoks stand with a great
     cheer and screeches.

                              HAN
               What's going on?

                              LEIA
               I don't know.

     Luke has been sharing the joy with smiling visage, but now
     something passes like a dark cloud through his consciousness. The
     others do not notice.

                              THREEPIO
               Wonderful! We are now a part of the tribe.

     Several of the little teddy bears run up and hug the Rebels.

                              HAN
               Just what I always wanted.

     Chewbacca is being enthusiastically embraced by an Ewok, while
     Wicket clings to Han's leg.

                              HAN (chuckles)
               Well, short help is better than no help at
               all, Chewie. (to Wicket) Thank you. Okay.

                              THREEPIO
               He says the scouts are going to show us the
               quickest way to the shield generator.

     Chewie barks. Luke has drifted to the back of the hut. Now he
     wanders outside into the moonlight. Leia notices and follows.

                              HAN
               Good. How far is it? Ask him. We need some
               fresh supplies, too. And try and get our
               weapons back.

     Han pulls Threepio back as he keeps trying to translate.

                              HAN (cont)
               And hurry up, will ya? I haven't got all day.

76   EXT EWOK VILLAGE - NIGHT                                       76

     The walkway is deserted now. The windows of the little huts glow
     and flicker from the fires inside. The sounds of the forest fill
     the soft night air. Luke has wandered away from the Chief's hut
     and stands staring up at the Death Star. Leia finds him like
     that.

                              LUKE
               Luke, what's wrong?

     Luke turns and looks at her a long moment.

                              LUKE
               Leia... do you remember your mother? Your
               real mother?

                              LEIA
               Just a little bit. She died when I was very
               young.

                              LUKE
               What do you remember?

                              LEIA
               Just...images, really. Feelings.

                              LUKE
               Tell me.

                              LEIA
               (a little surprised at his insistence)
               She was very beautiful. Kind, but...sad.
               (looks up) Why are you asking me all this?

     He looks away.

                              LUKE
               I have no memory of my mother. I never knew
               her.

                              LEIA
               Luke, tell me. What's troubling you?

                              LUKE
               Vader is here...now, on this moon.

                              LEIA (alarmed)
               How do you know?

                              LUKE
               I felt his presence. He's come for me. He can
               feel when I'm near. That's why I have to go.
               (facing her) As long as I stay, I'm
               endangering the group and our mission here.
               (beat) I have to face him.

     Leia is distraught, confused.

                              LEIA
               Why?

     Luke moves close and his manner is gentle. And very calm.

                              LUKE
               He's my father.

                              LEIA
               Your father?

                              LUKE
               There's more. It won't be easy for you to
               hear it, but you must. If I don't make it
               back, you're the only hope for the Alliance.

     Leia is very disturbed by this. She moves away, as if to deny it.

                              LEIA
               Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power
               I--I don't understand and could never have.

                              LUKE
               You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too.
               In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The
               Force is strong in my family. My father has
               it...I have it...and...my sister has it.

     Leia stares into his eyes. What she sees there frightens her. But
     she doesn't draw away. She begins to understand.

                              LUKE
               Yes. It's you Leia.

                              LEIA
               I know. Somehow...I've always known.

                              LUKE
               Then you know why I have to face him.

                              LEIA
               No! Luke, run away, far away. If he can feel
               your presence, then leave this place. I wish
               I could go with you.

                              LUKE
               No, you don't. You've always been strong.

                              LEIA
               But, why must you confront him?

                              LUKE
               Because...there is good in him. I've felt
               it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I
               can save him. I can turn him back to the good
               side. I have to try.

     They hold each other close and look at each other, brother and
     sister.

     Leia holds back her tears as Luke slowly lets her go and moves
     away. He disappears onto the walkway that leads out of the
     village. Leia, bathed in moonlight, watches him go as Han comes
     out of the Chief's hut and comes over to her.

     Leia is crying, her body trembling. He realizes only now that she
     is crying.

                              HAN
               Hey, what's goin' on?

     Leia attempts to stifle her sobs and wipes her eyes.

                              LEIA
               Nothing. I - just want to be alone for a
               little while.

                              HAN (angry)
               Nothing?  Come on, tell me.  What's goin' on?

     She looks up at him, struggling to control herself.

                              LEIA
               I...I can't tell you.

                              HAN (loses his temper)
               Did you tell Luke? Is that who you could tell?

                              LEIA
               I...

                              HAN
               Ahhh...

     He starts to walk away, exasperated, then stops and walks back to
     her.

                              HAN
               I'm sorry.

                              LEIA
               Hold me.

     Han gathers her tightly in his protective embrace.

77   EXT FOREST - IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM                         77

     An Imperial shuttle floats down from the Death Star and lands
     gracefully on the huge platform.

     Now, an Imperial walker approaches the platform from the darkness
     of the forest. The whole outpost - platform, walkers, military -
     looks particularly offensive in the midst of this verdant beauty.

78   EXT IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM - LOWER DECK                     78

     Darth Vader walks down the ramp of the shuttle onto the platform,
     into an elevator, and appears on a ramp on a lower level. He
     walks toward another ramp exit and is met by two troopers and a
     commander with Luke, in binders, at their center. The young Jedi
     gazes at Vader with complete calm.

                              COMMANDER
               This is a Rebel that surrendered to us.
               Although he denies it, I believe there may be
               more of them, and I request permission to
               conduct a further search of the area.

     The commander extends his hand, revealing Luke's lightsaber.

                              COMMANDER
               He was armed only with this.

     Vader looks at Luke, turns away and faces the commander, taking
     the lightsaber from the commander's hand.

                              VADER
               Good work, Commander. Leave us. Conduct your
               search and bring his companions to me.

                              COMMANDER
               Yes, my Lord.

     The officer and troops withdraw. Vader and Luke are left standing
     alone in the oddly tranquil beauty of the place. The sounds of
     the forest filter in upon them.

                              VADER
               The Emperor has been expecting you.

                              LUKE
               I know, father.

                              VADER
               So, you have accepted the truth.

                              LURE
               I've accepted the truth that you were once
               Anakin Skywalker, my father.

                              VADER (turning to face him)
               That name no longer has any meaning for me.

                              LUKE
               It is the name of your true self. You've only
               forgotten. I know there is good in you. The
               Emperor hasn't driven it from you fully. That
               is why you couldn't destroy me. That's why
               you won't bring me to your Emperor now.

     Vader looks down from Luke to the lightsaber in his own black-
     gloved hand. He seems to ponder Luke's words.

                              VADER (indicating lightsaber)
               I see you have constructed a new lightsaber.

     Vader ignites the lightsaber and holds it to examine its humming,
     brilliant blade.

                              VADER
               Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are
               powerful, as the Emperor has foreseen.

     They stand for a moment, the Vader extinguishes the lightsaber.

                              LUKE
               Come with me.

                              VADER
               Obi-Wan once thought as you do.

     Luke steps close to Vader, then stops. Vader is still.

                              VADER
               You don't know the power of the dark side. I
               must obey my master.

                              LUKE
               I will not turn...and you'll be forced to
               kill me.

                              VADER
               If that is your destiny.

                              LUKE
               Search your feelings, father. You can't do
               this. I feel the conflict within you. Let go
               of your hate.

                              VADER
               It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will
               show you the true nature of the Force. He is
               your master now.


