RETURN OF JEDI P6

                              BEN (continuing his narrative)
               When your father left, he didn't know your
               mother was pregnant. Your mother and I knew
               he would find out eventually, but we wanted
               to keep you both as safe as possible, for as
               long as possible.  So I took you to live with
               my brother Owen on Tatooine... and your mother
               took Leia to live as the daughter of Senator
               Organa, on Alderaan.

     Luke turns, and settles near Ben to hear the tale.

                              BEN (attempting to give solace with his words)
               The Organa household was high-born and
               politically quite powerful in that system.
               Leia became a princess by virtue of
               lineage... no one knew she'd been adopted, of
               course. But it was a title without real
               power, since Alderaan had long been a
               democracy.  Even so, the family continued to
               be politically powerful, and Leia, following
               in her foster father's path, became a senator
               as well.  That's not all she became, of
               course... she became the leader of her cell
               in the Alliance against the corrupt Empire.
               And because she had diplomatic immunity, she
               was a vital link for getting information to
               the Rebel cause.  That's what she was doing
               when her path crossed yours... for her foster
               parents had always told her to contact me on
               Tatooine, if her troubles became desperate.

     Luke is overwhelmed by the truth, and is suddenly protective of
     his sister.

                              LUKE
               But you can't let her get involved now, Ben.
               Vader will destroy her.

                              BEN
               She hasn't been trained in the ways of the
               Jedi the way you have, Luke ... but the Force
               is strong with her, as it is with all of your
               family. There is no avoiding the battle. You
               must face and destroy Vader!

52   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET                                        52

     The vast Rebel Fleet stretches as far as the eye can see.
     Overhead a dozen small Corellian battleships fly in formation.
     Fighters and battlecruisers surround the largest of the Rebel
     Star Cruisers, the HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE.

53   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN BRIEFING ROOM                  53

     Hundreds of Rebel commanders of all races and forms are assembled
     in the WAR ROOM. WEDGE is among them. In the center of the room
     is a holographic model depicting the half-completed Imperial
     Death Star, the nearby Moon of Endor, and the protecting
     deflector shield.

     MON MOTHMA, the leader of the Alliance, enters the room. She is a
     stern but beautiful woman in her fifties. Conferring with her are
     several military leaders, including GENERAL MADINE and ADMIRAL
     ACKBAR (a salmon-colored Mon Calamari). Lando moves through the
     crowd until he finds Han and Chewie, standing next to Leia and
     the two droids.

     Han peers at Lando's new insignia on his chest, and is amused.

                              HAN
               Well, look at you, a general, huh?

                              LANDO
               Oh, well, someone must have told them about
               my little maneuver at the battle of Taanab.

                              HAN (sarcastic)
               Well, don't look at me, pal. I just said you
               were a fair pilot. I didn't know they were
               lookin' for somebody to lead this crazy
               attack.

                              LANDO (smiling)
               I'm surprised they didn't ask you to do it.

                              HAN
               Well, who says they didn't.  But I
               ain't crazy. You're the respectable
               one, remember?

     Mon Mothma signals for attention, and the room falls
     silent.

                              MON MOTHMA
               The Emperor has made a critical error and the
               time for our attack has come.

     This causes a stir. Mon Mothma turns to a holographic model of
     the Death Star, the Endor moon and the protecting deflector
     shield in the center of the room.

                              MON MOTHMA
               The data brought to us by the Bothan spies
               pinpoints the exact location of the Emperor's
               new battle station. We also know that the
               weapon systems of this Death Star are not yet
               operational. With the Imperial Fleet spread
               throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to
               engage us, it is relatively unprotected. But
               most important of all, we've learned that the
               Emperor himself is personally overseeing the
               final stages of the construction of this
               Death Star.

     A volley of spirited chatter erupts from the crowd. Han turns to
     Leia as Chewie barks his amazement.

                              MON MOTHMA (cont)
               Many Bothans died to bring us this
               information. Admiral Ackbar, please.

     Admiral Ackbar steps forward and points to the Death Star's force
     field and the Moon of Endor.

                              ACKBAR
               You can see here the Death Star orbiting the
               forest Moon of Endor. Although the weapon
               systems on this Death Star are not yet
               operational, the Death Star does have a
               strong defense mechanism. It is protected by
               an energy shield, which is generated from the
               nearby forest Moon of Endor. The shield must
               be deactivated if any attack is to be
               attempted. Once the shield is down, our
               cruisers will create a perimeter, while the
               fighters fly into the superstructure and
               attempt to knock out the main reactor.

     There's a concerned murmur.

                              ACKBAR (cont)
               General Calrissian has volunteered to lead
               the fighter attack

     Han turns to Lando with a look of respect.

                              HAN
               Good luck.

     Lando nods his thanks.

                              HAN
               You're gonna need it.

                              ACKBAR
               General Madine.

     Madine moves center stage.

                              GENERAL MADINE
               We have stolen a small Imperial shuttle.
               Disguised as a cargo ship, and using a secret
               Imperial code, a strike team will land on the
               moon and deactivate the shield generator.

     The assembly begins to mumble among themselves.

                              THREEPIO
               Sounds dangerous.

                              LEIA (to Han)
               I wonder who they found to pull that off.

                              GENERAL MADINE
               General Solo, is your strike team assembled?

     Leia, startled, looks up at Han, surprise changing to admiration.

                              HAN
               Uh, my team's ready. I don't have a command
               crew for the shuttle.

     Chewbacca raises his hairy paw and volunteers.  Han looks up at
     him.

                              HAN
               Well, it's gonna be rough, pal. I didn't want
               to speak for you.

     Chewie waves that off with a huge GROWL.

                              HAN (smiles)
               That's one.

                              LEIA
               Uh, General... count me in.

                              VOICE (OS)
               I'm with you, too!

     They turn in that direction and peer into the crowd as there are
     more cheers. The commanders part, and there at the back stands
     Luke. Han and Leia are surprised and delighted.

     Leia moves to Luke and embraces him warmly. She senses a change
     in him and looks into his eyes questioningly.

                              LEIA
               What is it?

                              LUKE (hesitant)
               Ask me again sometime.

     Han, Chewie, and Lando crowd around Luke as the assembly breaks
     up.

                              HAN
               Luke.

                              LUKE
               Hi, Han... Chewie.

     Artoo beeps a singsong observation to a worried Threepio.

                              THREEPIO
               "Exciting" is hardly the word I would use.

54   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN DOCKING BAY                    54

     The Millennium Falcon rests beyond the stolen IMPERIAL SHUTTLE,
     which looks anomalous among all the Rebel ships in the vast
     docking bay. Chewie barks a final farewell to Lando and leads
     Artoo and Threepio up the shuttle, crowded now with the Rebel
     strike team loading weapons and supplies. Lando turns to face
     Han. Luke and Leia have said their good-byes and start up the
     ramp.

                              HAN
               Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take
               her. You need all the help you can get. She's
               the fastest ship in the fleet.

                              LANDO
               All right, old buddy. You know, I know what
               she means to you. I'll take good care of her.
               She-she won't get a scratch. All right?

                              HAN (looks at him warmly)
               Right. I got your promise now. Not a scratch.

                              LANDO
               Look, would you get going, you pirate.

     Han and Lando pause, then exchange salutes.

                              LANDO
               Good luck.

                              HAN
               You, too.

     Han goes up the ramp. Lando watches him go and then slowly turns
     away.

55   INT IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT                                 55

     Luke is working on a back control panel as Han comes in and takes
     the pilot's seat. Chewie, in the seat next to him, is trying to
     figure out all the Imperial controls.

                              HAN
               You got her warmed?

                              LUKE
               Yeah, she's comin' up.

     Chewie growls a complaint.

                              HAN
               No. I don't think the Empire had Wookiees in
               mind when they designed her, Chewie.

     Leia comes in from the hold and takes her seat near Luke.

     Chewie barks and hits some switches. Han's glance has stuck on
     something out the window: the Millennium Falcon. Leia nudges him
     gently.

                              LEIA
               Hey, are you awake?

                              HAN
               Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm
               not gonna see her again.

     Chewie, hearing this, stops his activity and looks longingly out
     at the Falcon, too. Leia puts a hand on Han's shoulder.

                              LEIA (softly)
               Come on, General, let's move.

     Han snaps back to life.

                              HAN
               Right. Chewie, let's see what this piece of
               junk can do. Ready, everybody?

                              LUKE
               All set.

                              THREEPIO
               Here we go again.

                              HAN
               All right, hang on.

56   EXT SPACE - THE REBEL FLEET                                    56

     The stolen Imperial shuttle leaves the main docking bay of the
     Headquarters Frigate, lowers its wings into flight position, and
     zooms off into space.

57   INT EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM                                      57

     The converted control room is dimly lit, except for a pool of
     light at the far end. There the Emperor sits in an elaborate
     control chair before a large window which looks out across the
     half-completed Death Star to the giant green moon of Endor.

     Darth Vader, standing with other members of the Imperial council,
     cautiously approaches his master. The ruler's back is to Vader.
     After several tense moments, the Emperor's chair rotates around
     to face him.

                              VADER
               What is thy bidding, my Master?

                              EMPEROR
               Send the fleet to the far side of Endor.
               There it will stay until called for.

                              VADER
               What of the reports of the Rebel fleet
               massing near Sullust?

                              EMPEROR
               It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will
               be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of
               us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go
               out to the command ship and await my orders.

                              VADER
               Yes, my Master.

     Vader bows, then turns and exits the throne room as the Emperor
     walks toward the waiting council members.

58   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR - MOON                                  58

     There is a great deal of Imperial traffic in the area as
     construction proceeds on the Death Star. Transports, TIE
     fighters, and a few Star Destroyers move about. Now the huge
     Super Star Destroyer announces itself with a low roar and soon
     fills the frame.

59   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT                          59

     Han looks back at Luke and Leia as Chewie flips several switches.
     Through the viewscreen, the Death Star and the huge Super Star
     Destroyer can be seen.

                              HAN
               If they don't go for this, we're gonna have
               to get outta here pretty quick, Chewie.

     Chewie growls his agreement.

                              CONTROLLER (over radio)
               We have you on our screen now. Please
               identify.

                              HAN
               Shuttle Tydirium requesting deactivation of
               the deflector shield.

                              CONTROLLER (over radio)
               Shuttle Tydirium, transmit the clearance code
               for shield passage.

                              HAN
               Transmission commencing.

     Leia and Chewbacca listen tensely as the sound of a high speed
     transmission begins.

