CD REVIEWS

                                                 Paul H.  4/1/93


    Title:  III Sides To Every Story
    Artist: Extreme

    This is Extreme's latest  album,  and  comes quite soon after
    the success of Pornographitti.  Three Sides To Every Story is
    divided into three quite distinct  phases called Yours, Mine,
    And The Truth, each  are  roughly  the  same  length, and the
    resulting CD is over 76  minutes  long.  (The tape, and maybe
    even LP versions,  are  longer,  and  include  a  further two
    tracks not on the CD).  Yours, features the more rock type of
    tracks which were typified by  the first single release, Rest
    In Peace, the second single  release  Stop The World is taken
    from Mine, and is a more  ballad-ish sort of thing, again the
    whole of  the  Mine  phase  is  a  similar  style.   It seems
    unlikely that and  of   the   three   songs   from   And  The
    Truth will be release as singles, I don't  think  the singles
    market would take to well  to  songs featuring a fourty piece
    orchestra.

    As far as I can  tell  III  Sides  To  Every Story is another
    concept album by Extreme, most groups  find it hard enough to
    write one concept album let alone  two, (that is, unless your
    name is Roger Waters  or  Jim  Stienmen), I'm not complaining
    you understand, as long  as  the  music's  good, which it is,
    what does it matter?  Okay,  so  I've  said the music's good,
    but it still takes some time to  get used to it, having three
    such different styles  of  music  will  not  make this record
    appeal to everyones' taste,  although   after  a few playings
    it has started to  appeal  more   to   me,   although it will
    never be one of my favourite CDs.

    Rating:  6.5


    Title:  Pure Devotion
    Artist: Various

    This is a compilation by  Devotion  Records and features most
    (all?) of the artists  that  they  have contracts with, among
    those features are 1000  Homo  DJs, Hyperhead, Malhavoc, Bomb
    Everything, Revolting Cocks and Pigface.   This sort of music
    has been labeled as   Industrial   Dance, although personally
    I think it's more like  Industrial   Dance/Metal, as  many of
    the songs seem to  be  a  merge   of  dance  beats and guitar
    thrashing metal sounds.

    As there are fourteen  different   groups   featured on this,
    and the styles of  music    differ  quite  drastically.  From
    the very  metal   sound   of    July   by   Chris   Connelly,
    to Hyperheads'  ambience   dance    track    Teenage    Mind,
    not  forgetting   the   near-rap   of   Murder    Inc.,   the
    undecipherable  screamed  lyrics   of    Skrew    and    Bomb
    Everything   and  the chello  influenced  Ten Ground And Down
    by Pigface.

    As I hope I've shown,  there  is  a  lot  of variation in the
    music, the only thing I think   I  can  suggest,  is that you
    you get this album yourself and experience it.  It's cheap (9
    pounds), and 76 minutes long, so  even if you don't like some
    of the songs on it, you're still getting a better deal out of
    it than just about any other  CD  you  could buy. If you have
    any  trouble  trying  to   get   this  from your local record
    emporium, write to this address...

         DEVOTION RECORDS
         102 BELSIZE LANE
         LONDON
         NW3 5BB
         ENGLAND

    (This is, incidently, the same  address for the record labels
    Food For Thought, Music For  Nations,  and about three others
    that I can't remember.)

    Don't forget to  send  a  large  S.A.E.  with  enough stamps/
    I.R.C.'s to cover postage.

    I really like  this  album,  and   I   for  one, believe that
    during the 90s industrial dance will become the major type of
    music, buy this album, and experience the future...

    Rating:  9


    From one "Industrial" compilation, to another...

    Title:  Hot Wired Monstertrux
    Artist: Various

    Hmm, so another "industrial"  thing,  to  be  honest, I don't
    believe that "Industrial"  is  the  correct  word to describe
    this sort of music.   Just  what  does  "Industrial" mean, if
    anything at all, can someone please enlighten me...

    Enough of my confusion,  this  is  another  VERY long cd, the
    running time is something  like  77  minutes  43 seconds, and
    it's FULL of music, perhaps  that's  not  a  very good way of
    putting it.  Think of it  like  this,  you  know how most cds
    fade out each song, and  then  have  a short pause before the
    next song starts, well in most cases  on this cd, when a song
    stops (and I mean  abruptly  here),  the  next song starts in
    less than a second, (some  of  them  even  fade over onto the
    next song) this makes for  confusing listening, especially if
    you're not keeping an eye  on  the  cd players read-out, but,
    who cares?

    Okay, so we've established that it's  long, but it's not what
    you've got that counts, it's how  you  use it, right?  For my
    tastes, the time is well spent,  as "Hot wired.." is not just
    confined to one label like  Pure  Devotion there is a broader
    sample of the present "Industrial" (blerggh) scene, and while
    two of the same bands are  featured, one turns in a different
    song, and the other has an extended remix of the same song.

    Err, so, what I have here  is  a  cd that's long, with a good
    spread of the present "industr..(snip)" market, but do I like
    it, well,  fuck  yeah,  of  course  I  like  it,  otherwise I
    wouldn't have written three paragraphs about it already.

    (Four now!) Well,  I'm  still  having  difficulties trying to
    describe this kind of music, I find this quite confusing as I
    think I'm starting  to  become  an  (oh  dear..) "Industrial"
    phreak, (or should that be phan?), oh well, I'll just have to
    try and see what sort of  rambling descriptive comment I can
    come up with.

    It really depends on what sort  of musical taste you have, do
    you like dance/rave?   Do  you  like  rock/metal?   Why  am I
    asking such stupid questions?  Well,  you're going to need an
    open mind to like this, (and come  to think of it, just about
    any other "Ind..." songs),  for  example,  if  you like rock/
    metal, but only straight  2  guitars/bass/drums type of rock/
    metal, well, basically, you're going   to   be screwed if you
    buy this.  One the other hand, if you like rock/metal and you
    are also partial to a bit   of   dance  music  (and you don't
    think dance/rave is confined  to  people  who  have an I.Q of
    less than 10 and spend all   of  there  time  high  on drugs.
    Hey, you, don't think that  the  last  sentence is  a joke, a
    few people I know  have  said  those  exact  words  to  me!),
    err, oh yeah..., you'll probably like this sort of stuff.

    Hmm, I'd better finish writing this sometime, so...

    I like this sort  of  music,  I'm  going  to  give  it a high
    rating, if you think any different, then it's tough isn't it!

    Rating:  8.5 (Less  than  "Pure.."  because  it's four pounds
    more expensive.)


    The next few reviews (to be precise, Broken, Dirt and Shaking
    the tree) are not  new  albums.   I  recently  got  them at a
    reduced price (not second  hand,  and  not  stolen), and I've
    decided to inflict my opinions of them onto you...


    Title:  Broken
    Artist: Nine Inch Nails

    Eeek!  Another "Industrial" thing.   This  time  it's a mini-
    album by the above group, "mini"  because the playing time is
    about thirty-five   minutes   (I've   got   an   instrumental
    album shorter than that!).

    Broken  is  -very-,  er, hmm,  violent  I suppose is the best
    word,   although  other   appropriate   words   include  loud
    (at whatever  volume you seem to  play  it, I think that it's
    just  naturally  loud),  abrasive,    angry,    pissed   off,
    harsh, I'm sure  you  get  the   idea.  There  are ninty nine
    (!) tracks, but  tracks   seven   to  ninety  seven  are  all
    four seconds of  silence,   leaving   only   eight tracks  of
    real music,  two  of  the   tracks  are  short  instrumentals
    (about     fourty second  to  a  minute  long)  and the  four
    vocal tracks are  all roughly five minutes long.

    If you are still unsure about what "industrial" (have I told
    you, I hate that label?),  music  is  supposed to sound like,
    this is as good a place  as  any  to start.  Broken is, in my
    view,  what  "industrial"  music  is   all   about,  it  uses
    samples, distortion and multi-layering (ie,  there is so much
    happening it's impossible to take it all in one go), to great
    effect, this creates a  chaotic,  and  to  me, very enjoyable
    listening experience.

    The use of stereo  is  also  worth  a mention, quite honestly
    it's amazing, instruments, samples and general noise are sent
    across both speakers,  sometimes  left,  sometimes right, and
    hardly ever  in  balance.   (There  is  even  a  bit  on  the
    packaging that says "caution: not for use with mono devices",
    the only problem is, I now want  to try it on a mono "device"
    just to see what happens.)

    To  finish,  the  use  of  samples/distortion/multi-layering/
    stereo make  this,  a)  incredibly  fucked  up,  and  b) very
    enjoyable.

    Rating:  9 (For me this  is  the  archetypal (if you can't be
    bothered  to  look  it  up,   it  means  "perfect  specimen")
    "industrial" record)

    (For your further information, there  is another N.I.N. mini-
    album out called  "Fixed"  (get  it,  "broken" then "fixed"),
    which is remixes of  some  (all?)  of  the songs on "broken",
    they  are  supposed  to  be   even  more,  err,  extreme  and
    aggressive than "broken")


    Now a much older record...

    Title:  Shaking The Tree - Sixteen Golden Greats
    Artist: Peter Gabriel

    This is now about two years old,  so this review is a bit out
    of date (to say the least), as you may have gathered from the
    title (I think that "Sixteen  Golden  Greats"  is  a bit of a
    give away personally),  this   is   Peter   Gabriels greatest
    hits CD.

    It includes songs taken  from   his solo albums, beginning in
    1977 (The First Album)  and ending  in 1986 (So), nearly  two
    decades of solo material.  (For those  of you who don't know,
    Peter Gabriels first first  four  solo  albums were untitled,
    with only different  covers  to  distinguish  them.  Have you
    noticed that not giving  albums  a  name  is starting to come
    back into fashion, you only need  look  at the last albums by
    Metallica, Prince, and the new  album  by  Duran Duran to see
    this.)

    Wether you are a  commited  fan  of  Peter  Gabriels, or not,
    there is no way to  deny  that  he  is  one of the best song
    writers in the world, it is  only necessary to mention songs
    like Biko,  Don't  give   up,   Games  without  frontiers and
    Solsbury hill, the  list  is   nearly   endless.    (Okay, so
    sixteen isn't endless, but I'm  sure  you  get  the message.)
    These sixteen songs span  a  large   CD   of  77  minutes  44
    seconds, quite a   sizable   greatest   hits   package by any
    ones standards.

    Like most well established  acts,  there  is  not much to say
    about Peter Gabriel, you've either  heard  of  him, and are a
    fan, or you hate him.   That  said,  if  you like the kind of
    music that Peter Gabriel produces,  you're missing out if you
    don't own this CD.

    Rating:  7


    fIN. 3/2/93
