                      A brief introduction
                      --------------------

 Welcome to BDU, the "Backup Destruction Utility"!

 BDU  is  a program that allows you to clean up  your  hard  disk 
insofar  that  it  allows  you to quickly  get  rid  of  all  (or 
selected)  backup  files.  These are usually backups  of  text-or 
source  code  files  with  their  names  ending  in  BAK  or  DUP 
extensions.  More often than not these backup files are no longer 
needed and only use up valuable hard disk space.
 However, BDU can do more than just remove them.

-  It  can  include  or  exclude  any  individual  partition.  On 
   included partitions, specific folders can be skipped.
-  It  can include or exclude specific files by name or  by  type 
   (!).
-  It can optionally move all deleted files up to a certain  size 
   to  a  buffer  directory that will be left  intact  after  the 
   program is exited.
-  It  allows  you  to  specify  up  to  eight  different  backup 
   extensions.
-  The configuration you specify can be saved to disk.
-  A  library  of readily recognized file types can  be  kept  on 
   disk, allowing for quick identification of many file types you 
   may later want to include or exclude.


                            Shareware
                            ---------

 The  "Backup Destruction Utility" accompanying this text file is 
shareware,  which means  that you  can  spread  it as much as you 
want,  copy it  to  all  your friends,  sell  it in Public Domain 
libraries,   and generally  do with it whatever you want. You can 
use it or trash it, I won't mind.
 However,  if you find it useful (or if you don't find it  useful 
but  use it anyway) you are requested to pay a  modest  so-called 
shareware  registration fee.  Quite a bit of work went  into  the 
conception of this product.
 The  registration fee can be anything you want but  should   not 
be  less than the equivalent of about  10  German marks.  If  you 
send  a  disk  and International Reply  Coupon  along  with  your 
registration fee you will get a possible later version of BDU  as 
well  as  various  other shareware and  Public  Domain  utilities 
written by me (depending on how much can fit on the disk).
 Anything in any  currency is welcome at the address mentioned at 
the end of this text file.

 Why shareware?

 I  believe  that  people should be allowed to test  a  piece  of 
software  before they commit themselves to paying for it.   Using  
the shareware  principle  this  is as easy as can  be.   You  use  
the software to see if it's any good; if it isn't you leave it be 
and  never   pay   anything for it.   If  you  start   using   it  
regularly, however, you are requested to pay a shareware fee.
 If you honestly use the shareware principle everybody  benefits, 
quite literally.

 Shareware  works.   And  I  will  release  many  more  shareware 
utilities  depending  on the success of programs like the "Backup 
Destruction Utility".
 I hope you'll register.


                         The BDU Manual
                         --------------

 FIRST A BIT OF LEGAL STUFF

 I make no warranties,  either expressed or implied, with respect 
to this manual or with respect to the software described in  this 
manual, its quality, performance, merchantability, or fitness for 
any  particular purpose.  The entire risk as to its  quality  and 
performance  is  with  the  user.   Should  the  programme  prove 
defective following its acquisition,  the user assumes the entire 
cost of all necessary servicing,  repair,  or correction and  any 
incidental or consequential damages. In no event will I be liable 
for direct,  indirect or consequential damages resulting from any 
defect in or misuse of the software.
 You should note that the "Backup Destruction Utility" is a  very 
flexible  and powerful program that is capable of  trashing  your 
entire  hard  disk  contents  if only  you  tell  it  to.  ALWAYS 
configure the settings before using it for the first time!

 STARTING THE "BACKUP DELETION UTILITY"

 BDU can be launched like any ordinary program, although it can't 
be  used  as an accessory like some other  programs.  It  uses  a 
familiar GEM interface (courtesy of Gregor Duchalski's "FlyDials" 
shareware set of GEM routines of "GfA Basic").  Use the mouse  or 
the  keyboard  to  control  the  individual  options   (including 
keyboard shortcuts with [ALTERNATE]). The BDU works on any ST, TT 
or  Falcon with any monitor and any memory configuration.  On  ST 
colour monitors,  be sure to select MEDIUM resolution. On Falcon, 
be sure to select 80 column mode.
 Files belonging to BDU are "BDU.PRG" (the program file  itself), 
"BDU.CFG"  (the  configuration  file,   which  is   theoretically 
optional) and "BDU.LIB" (the file type recognition library  file, 
optional).

 THE MENU

 After  a few moments,  during which BDU loads its  configuration 
and library file,  you will enter the main menu. Nine options are 
available from this menu,  selectable by using the mouse to point 
and click or alternatively by keeping the [ALTERNATE] key pressed 
and  pressing the key underlined in the respective  buttons.  The 
"Do Delete" option is not available using such a shorcut; you can 
press  [RETURN] or [ENTER] to select  it  instead,  however.  The 
"About  BDU"  option is additionally available  by  pressing  the 
[HELP]  key.  "Exit"  is additionally available by  pressing  the 
[UNDO] key.

 DO DELETE

 This calls the actual deletion routine.  All other options  have 
been  included for configuration purposes only.  No  confirmation 
will be requested, and the program will go about deleting all the 
stuff  it has to delete according to the way you have  configured 
it.
 If no configuration file is present and you click on "Do Delete" 
accidentally,  nothing bad will happen. By default, no partitions 
are selected and the program will return to the main menu without 
any  deletions  having  taken  place.   In  case  of  an  'alien' 
configuration file being present (i.e. you got the program with a 
"BDU.CFG"  file in the same directory) you would do well  not  to 
perform a "Do Delete" until you've verified the settings to be in 
accordance with your own wishes.
 The  "Do  Delete"  option may ask  for  confirmation  before  it 
deletes  specific  files,  all depending on the settings  in  the 
FILES dialog.

 PARTITIONS

 This  option  displays a dialog with  24  buttons,  representing 
drives  C-Z  (drives  Q-Z are can be  supported  under  "MetaDOS" 
only).  Upon initialization,  the program checks which partitions 
are actually present and disables the other partition buttons.
 Selecting  a partition that you want to be used during  the  "Do 
Delete"  operation  is  done  by  clicking  on  the   appropriate 
partition button once.  It will turn black.  Clicking once  again 
will deselect it in case you have second thoughts.  It will  turn 
white  again.  Instead of using the mouse,  you can also use  the 
familiar  [ALTERNATE]  keyboard  shortcuts  with  any  underlined 
characters.  Clicking on "OK" will accept your settings; clicking 
on "Cancel" (or pressing the [UNDO] key) will leave the  settings 
the way they were when you entered the dialog and go back to  the 
main menu.

 DIRECTORIES

 With  BDU it is possible to define a set of a maximum  of  eight 
paths  (i.e.  directories  or folders) per  partition.  For  each 
individual  partition  an "include or exclude" flag can  be  set. 
When the flag is set to "include" for a specific partition,  only 
the  specified paths will be checked and all others  (i.e.  those 
not specified, including the root directory) skipped. When set to 
"exclude",  however,  all folders (including the root  directory) 
with  exception of the ones you have specified will  be  checked. 
The ones you specified will be skipped. Leaving this dialog using 
"OK"  will  cause  your settings to be  taken;  leaving  it  with 
"Cancel"  or  by pressing [UNDO] will cause the old  settings  to 
remain the way they were before.
 Paths  can  be  as long as you want  (up  to  32,768  characters 
actually)  but  only  the rightmost 64 characters  will  then  be 
displayed.
 Using the "Seek" button adjacent to the text fields,  a path can 
be  selected using whatever item selector you have  installed  in 
your system. Just enter the directory you want and click on "OK". 
If you have second thoughts,  press "Cancel". If, for some reason 
or  other,  you  wish  to clear the entry,  you  should  enter  a 
partition's ROOT directory (i.e.  the topmost directory) and then 
select "OK".
 If  you select a path,  you should know that all  further  paths 
within that path (so-called "child paths") will also be scanned.
 Before  entering  the  actual dialog where these  paths  can  be 
specified, you will have to pass through a selection dialog which 
lets  you  determine the partition on which you  want  your  path 
settings to take effect.  Keyboard shortcuts with [ALTERNATE] are 
supported.
 It  should  be  noted  that  any  settings  configured  in   the 
DIRECTORIES (i.e.  PATHS) dialog take precedence over any setting 
in the FILES dialog.

 FILES

 BDU also allows for specific file names or file types (!) to  be 
included  or excluded.  An extensive dialog is included for  this 
purpose, so let's first have a look at what it displays.
 The text fields are on the left.  Here,  the file names or  file 
types are specified. If a file name is longer than 40 characters, 
only  the rightmost 40 characters are  displayed.  Internally,  a 
file name can have a length of up to 32,768 characters,  which to 
all intents and purposes should suffice.  A file TYPE description 
can only be 40 characters long,  and is editable (on the contrary 
to a file name).
 When  editing a file type description,  you have  the  following 
keys at your disposal:
 You  can use the arrow left/right keys to move the  cursor  back 
and  forth over a text respectively.  You can  delete  characters 
using  [BACKSPACE] and [DELETE].  With multiple editable  fields, 
the  arrow  up/down  keys  will take  you  to  the  previous/next 
editable  field.  Additionally,  [ESC] will clear the  entry  the 
cursor  is  currently in,  [TAB] will move to the  next  editable 
field analogous to the arrow down key,  and [CLR HOME] will  move 
the cursor to the topmost editable field.  The mouse can also  be 
used to point and click on another editable field you may wish to 
edit.  All  changes are automatically accepted after leaving  the 
dialog  by clicking on "OK" or [RETURN],  but lost  when  leaving 
through  the "Cancel" button.  Only alphanumerals and  space  are 
accepted as edited input.
 File names,  once entered in a text field,  cannot be edited the 
way the file type descriptions can.  It is possible,  however, to 
use wild cards ("?" and "*") IN THE FILE NAME ONLY when selecting 
a  file in the item selector.  After having selected a  name  but 
before  clicking on "OK" in the item selector,  you  can  replace 
characters by the "?" (one character can be any character) or "*" 
(any number of any characters can appear after) wild cards.
 Directly to the right of the text fields there's a row of "Seek" 
buttons,  each  allowing you to define a file name or  file  type 
that will be displayed in the adjacent text field.  Depending  on 
the setting of the "Type/Name" switch,  you will have to select a 
file type or file name respectively.  An entry can be cleared  by 
selecting no file in the item selector and then clicking on "OK". 
"Cancel" in the item selector will cause nothing to change.
 If you select a file name,  the settings WILL ONLY BE VALID  FOR 
THAT  SPECIFIC  FILE AND NO OTHER WHATSOEVER.  If  you  select  a 
specific file type (say, a "GfA Basic" source file), the settings 
WILL  BE  VALID  FOR ALL FILES OF THAT TYPE  ON  THAT  PARTITION, 
REGARDLESS OF THE DIRECTORY THEY'RE IN. To check for a file type, 
the  first SIX bytes of a file will be read and compared  to  the 
type you specified.
 The "Type/Name" switch can be toggled.  Do note that the setting 
in the adjacent text field will be lost if you toggle the  switch 
after having specified a file name/type already.
 Next  you  will  see a  row  of  "Skip/Delete"  switches.  These 
determine  whether  the  file name/type  specified  in  the  text 
field should be skipped (i.e.  kept) or deleted.  You will notice 
the  rightmost button becoming selectable when the  "Skip/Delete" 
switch is set to "Delete".  This fourth button determines whether 
the program should ask you for confirmation for deletion when the 
file  is  found  ("Confirm")  or simply  to  delete  it  with  no 
questions asked ("Ignore").
 Before  entering  the  actual dialog where these  files  can  be 
specified, you will have to pass through a selection dialog which 
lets  you  determine the partition on which you  want  your  file 
settings to take effect.  Keyboard shortcuts with [ALTERNATE] are 
supported.
 It  should  be  noted  that  any  settings  configured  in   the 
DIRECTORIES (i.e.  PATHS) dialog take precedence over any setting 
in the FILES dialog.

 Tip:  You  can  emulate  excluding  or  emulating  a  folder  by 
selecting a file name in the item selector,  changing the  actual 
file name to "*.*" and clicking on "OK" afterwards.

 EXTENSIONS

 This is a simple dialog,  but probably the most important in the 
program  - it determines which file types should be  regarded  as 
'backup' files.  The multitude of existing programs use "BAK"  as 
backup extension,  though "Tempus" for example uses "DUP" (as  in 
'duplicate').   Should   you  encounter  different  backup   file 
extensions, these can be added using this dialog.
 It  should  be noted that considerable care should  be  observed 
here.  It's easy to imagine what could happen if you would define 
extensions such as "PRG" and "TOS" here,  which would most likely 
lead  to the ultimate destruction of virtually all program  files 
on your hard disk.
 ONLY  FILES  WITH  EXTENSIONS DEFINED IN THIS  DIALOG  ARE  EVER 
SCANNED.  Files with different extensions are never deleted,  and 
it's only useful to include and exclude files in the FILES dialog 
that  may  occur  with the specified extensions at  one  time  or 
another.
 When  editing the extensions,  the same keys are valid as  those 
explained for the FILES dialog.

 MORE PARAMETERS

 BDU  supports some additional options that can  increase  safety 
and  speed.  These can be specified using the  "More  Parameters" 
dialog.
 This dialog consists of two parts.  The top part,  which is also 
the largest,  gathers together the options that have something to 
do  with  the possibility to buffer files that will  be  deleted. 
Using the "Buffer files yes/no" radio buttons,  it is possible to 
specify whether you want files to be MOVED to a buffer  directory 
or simply DELETED respectively.  Setting this to "yes" will  make 
the  deletion  process reversible,  though this  is  usually  not 
needed.  Three  further options go with this:  "Determine  buffer 
directory"  (displays an item selector where you can specify  the 
path  that  any files should be buffered into,  "Cancel"  if  you 
don't  want it to change),  "Check disk free space yes/no"  (will 
cause the program to check if there's enough space on the  buffer 
partition  to  buffer  a  file  on  in  the  first  place,  which 
considerably slows down the process however) and two "left arrow" 
and "right arrow" buttons that decrease/increase the maximum size 
that  a file can have in order to be buffered  respectively.  The 
maximum file size is displayed in a box that can also be  edited. 
Files  of a larger size will not be buffered and  simply  deleted 
anyway.  If the file size limit you specify is high and your hard 
disk  buffer  partition free space only small,  it  would  be  an 
excellent  idea  to  have the "check free space"  status  set  to 
"yes".
 All  settings  in  the above cluster are  valid  only  when  the 
"Buffer  files yes/no" radio button is set to "yes".  If  set  to 
"no",  all  other  settings there are ignored.  If you  exit  the 
dialog with "0 Kb" specified,  the program will change this to "1 
Kb" internally.
 The  bottom  part  of this dialog allows for two  things  to  be 
specified.
 First,  it  allows you to instruct the program to show  you  the 
file names which are being scanned (which is the default setting) 
or to go into turbo mode with no display whatsoever and all power 
centered  on the disk I/O seek and destroy routines.  This  turbo 
mode is four times faster.
 Second,  it allows you to specify whether ALL delete  operations 
should be confirmed or not.  If set to 'yes' (which is  default), 
this will override all other confirmation settings.  No file will 
be deleted without your confirming it.

 Note on identical file names: All files that have to be buffered 
are written to the same subdirectory.  When files from  different 
source  paths have the same name,  the first buffered  copy  will 
have  the  regular  extension,  the next ten  having  their  last 
characters replaced by "0" through "9". After a total of 11 files 
with  "the  same name" any further files with that name  will  be 
written  across the first one.  It should also be noted that  the 
program only knows which files have already been buffered  WITHIN 
THE  SAME SESSION.  This means that it will not 'see' files  that 
have been written to the buffer path in a previous session  (i.e. 
before  the program was exited) and these will be overwritten  if 
the same name occurs.

 SAVE CONFIGURATION

 All  settings  you  have specified can be saved  to  disk  in  a 
configuration  file called "BDU.CFG".  This  configuration  file, 
incidentally, is a plain text file that can even be edited from a 
word processor (with WP mode off) or text editor.
 The following settings are saved:

o Buffer files below specified size when deleting yes/no.
o Maximum size of files that may be buffered when deleting.
o Buffer directory path.
o Check disk free space at each backup delete yes/no.
o Display file names during scan and delete yes/no.
o Confirm ALL deletes yes/no.
o The eight possible backup file extensions.
o The use/skip status of each partition.
o The  maximum  of eight directories per partition  that  can  be 
  included  or  excluded  - their full  path  specifications  and 
  include/exclude status per partition.
o The maximum of eight file names/types per partition that can be 
  included  or  excluded  - their full path  name  or  file  type 
  description  (the latter including the values of the first  six 
  bytes by which it can be recognized) and all their status flags 
  (type/name, skip/delete and ignore/confirm).

 When  manually  editing this file (which  is  theoretically  not 
needed),  you should take extreme care not to alter the amount of 
lines anywhere,  for otherwise the program will more likely  than 
not crash when reading it on start-up.  In case of an  emergency, 
you  can  always delete this file.  The program will  then  reset 
itself  to  its  default  settings  on  startup  (no  paths/files 
included/excluded,  no  partitions selected,  no file  buffering, 
display of file names on,  all delete operations confirmed, "BAK" 
and "DUP" extensions). The program can then be configured fresh.

 ABOUT BDU

 A  fairly straightforward dialog telling you where I  live,  how 
much to pay should you want to register, that sort of thing. Exit 
by clicking on "OK" or pressing [RETURN].

 EXIT

 Need this be explained?  Should you have changed anything to the 
settings  after having saved a configuration file  (radio  button 
settings excluded!), you are requested to confirm first.

 THE LIBRARY FILE

 When  'seeking' file TYPES using the FILES  dialog,  file  types 
will  usually  be  identified as "UNKNOWN FILE  TYPE  A"  through 
"UNKNOWN  FILE  TYPE  H",   depending  on  their  position  in  a 
partition's FILES dialog.  If you want them to be recognized  the 
way  they should,  however,  you can maintain a library of  ready 
file  type  description and identification bytes in a  text  file 
called "BDU.LIB".
 A small library file is present on the disk.  All you would need 
to  do is add your own files types.  Let's have a look at such  a 
sample file the way it would look in any word processor (WP  mode 
off) or text editor:

BDU Library File
3
GfA Basic 2.x Source File
6,0,2,47,66,41,42
GfA Basic 3.5 Source File
5,3,47,46,41
GfA Basic 3.6TT Source File
6,0,4,47,46,41,2d

 The first line of a BDU LIB file should always contain the  text 
"BDU  Library File" (mind the upper/lower  case  characters,  and 
there must be one space between each word!) in its header for the 
program to recognize it in the first place. The program will warn 
you that the header is faulty if this is not the case.
 The  second line of a LIB file should always contain  the  total 
amount  of  entries.  In the above example there are  three  file 
types,  so  it's 3.  There can be up to 255 file types in  a  LIB 
file. If you have more than that, the extra ones will be ignored. 
The  total  amount  of  entries should  always  be  specified  in 
ordinary, decimal notation.
 Each  file type entry consists of two lines.  First there  is  a 
description that can have a maximum length of 40 characters  (any 
more will be cut off when read in). You can use any UPPER case or 
lower case letter,  as well as numbers and reading  signs.  Don't 
use commas (",") though, unless you want the program to crash.
 On the second line of each entry you will find the actual  bytes 
by  which the program has to identify the file types.  This  line 
should  consist  of one decimal and several  hexadecimal  values, 
where  the decimal value should always be the first and equal  to 
the amount of hexadecimal bytes to follow on that line.  All need 
to  be separated by a comma (you need to use commas  here!).  You 
should  always  take care that the length  identifier  (i.e.  the 
first  number  on  the  line)  correspond  with  the  amount   of 
recognition values that follow it.
 There are two ways to get to know the actual recognition bytes.

 1)  You can specify a file type using the FILES dialog and  then 
     save a configuration file. You can load in the configuration 
     file and get the bytes (which are in the exact format needed 
     by  the  library)  from  the  proper  partition  file   type 
     description.  When an unknown file type is encountered,  the 
     program will use a default of 8 recognition bytes  (i.e.  an 
     "8" followed by eight hexadecimal values).
 2)  You  can examine a file type you want using a  disk  monitor 
     and write them down,  then copy them into the LIB file using 
     a  text  editor.   Some  disk  monitors  always  display  in 
     hexadecimal,  but  some other disk monitors have  a  hex/dec 
     display switch somewhere.

 In  both  cases  you  would do well  to  check  whether  totally 
different files of the same type actually have the bytes you want 
at their start.  If not,  you may have to decrease the amount  of 
bytes allowing their identification.  The less values per  entry, 
however,  the  bigger  the chance that a file  might  be  wrongly 
identified.

 Note:  Should you send in your registration fee with a disk  for 
me  to copy goodies on,  please send the latest version  of  your 
"BDU.LIB"  file if you have added entries.  Please  also  mention 
this on a note.

 PRIORITY

 To properly understand when files may or may not be deleted,  it 
is of importance to read this section of the manual.

 1)  Files  can  be  deleted  only on  the  partitions  you  have 
     selected using the PARTITIONS dialog.
 2)  Only  those paths will be checked that have  been  specified 
     using  the PATHS dialog.  If the specified paths are set  to 
     "included",  the root directory and the other paths of  that 
     partition  will not be checked.  If the specified paths  are 
     set  to "excluded",  the root directory and other  paths  of 
     that  partition WILL be checked.  All child paths within  an 
     included  path  will  also  be scanned  (this  is  called  a 
     recursive scan).
 3)  Only  files ending with an extension of "BAK" or  "DUP"  (or 
     other ones,  according to what you entered in the EXTENSIONS 
     dialog)  will  be scheduled for deletion in the  paths  that 
     need  to be scanned according to the specifications  set  in 
     2).
 4)  Once  a properly recognized backup file has been found in  a 
     proper  directory,  BDU  will  check if the  file  has  been 
     included   or  excluded  in  that   particular   partition's 
     settings.  If  found with a "skip" setting,  it will not  be 
     deleted.  In  cases  of any backup file found  without  this 
     setting, it will be history.
     If the "buffer files" flag is set to "yes",  any file  below 
     the  specified number of Kb in size will be buffered in  the 
     specified buffer directory if that has sufficient space.  In 
     case  of confirmation being required,  you will be asked  to 
     confirm.

 A SHORT HISTORY

 Until I wrote the "Backup Destruction Utility", I primarily used 
the "Baksplat" program that J.  Beswick wrote and that he put  on 
an "ST Format" cover disk quite some ago.  It was lightning  fast 
but limited insofar that it only deleted all the BAK files on the 
partition  it  was on.  It didn't delete any BAK files  on  other 
partitions  so you would have to keep multiple copies for  it  to 
work there.  Also,  it did not allow specification of files to be 
included/excluded and only deleted files ending with  "BAK".  The 
second  program  like it I've seen is Mark  Matt's  "Delbak".  It 
catered  for  all partitions but it wasn't  possible  to  exclude 
partitions  or  specific files.  Also,  due to the fact  that  it 
displayed  the  files  it was currently scanning  it  was  a  lot 
slower.  Due to the fact that it required input at every  delete, 
it  was  a process that needed to be done with  the  user  always 
ready to interact.
 After  Christmas 1993 I was fed up with both.  I had toyed  with 
the idea of something like "Baksplat" for a while,  but I  wanted 
to  have all the bells'n'whistles such a program might  need.  So 
that's   why  I  spent  the  Christmas  holidays  neglecting   my 
girlfriend,  coding instead.  I built in stuff that I wanted,  as 
well as some more stuff - like the backup buffer option.  And  in 
the end I saw that it was good.  At least good enough for  me.  I 
hope it's good enough for you too.

 COMPATIBILITY

 "Backup  Destruction Utility" works on any machine with any  TOS 
(including  "MultiTOS" and "Geneva").  It even works on half  meg 
machines.

 CREDITS

 I'd  like to credit Gregor Duchalski for writing a  rather  nice 
library of shareware GEM interface routines for "GfA  Basic".  If 
you're  interested in obtaining the evaluation version  of  this, 
send  a disk plus sufficient reply postage or IRCs to  Baueracker 
15a,  D-44627 Herne, Germany. If you add DM 30,- you will get the 
registered version right away.


                           The Address
                           -----------

 I can be reached at the following address.  There,  I would like 
to  receive  possible shareware registrations  and  miscellaneous 
other communications.

 Richard Karsmakers
 P.O. Box 67
 NL-3500 AB  Utrecht
 The Netherlands
 Email r.c.karsmakers@stud.let.ruu.nl

 PLEASE NOTE THAT THE ADDRESS IN THE PROGRAM IS NO LONGER VALID!

 It should be noted that the email address may not be valid after 
the summer of 1996.
 The  program on this disk and its manual are copyright  1994  by 
Richard  Karsmakers.  However,  you may copy them as much as  you 
want  as  long as the package remains complete  (i.e.  program  + 
document file + other associated files).
 I would also like to send greetings to all my fellow shareware 
programmers on all systems: Ours is the divine cause! Ours is the 
task  to change the world of software!  Or,  as Jeff  would  have 
me say: Death to The Men With Suits!
