MULTI REVIEW 2

                         WWF WRESTLEMANIA. 

This game is on two disks, just as the other games. 
The game is released by Ocean. 
When you start the game up by putting the disk a into the diskdrive
you get after a while the Ocean Logo, and after a while you get a 
black screen with a few circles moving on it and a music. Trough 
those circles you can see the background. I personally think this
is done very nice. After a few moments you can see the whole screen. 
You can choose for practicing, and wrestling for the belt. 

By pressing the fire button you come into an screen in which you can 
choose with which wrestler you want to wrestle. You can choose between
the Hulkster, the ultimate Warrior and the British Bulldog. 

If you have chosen a wrestler you have to change disks.  
The game is terrible. If you play  for the wrestling-belt, You first 
have to challenge your opponant.  After that, you are put in a the 
ring with your opponant.

This is the most terrible thing about the game. You can kick and hit 
your enemy. If the two men get a hold on each other then you must 
move your joystick left and right as fast as you can. If you have your
energy bar first at the top your wrestler will pick your enemy up and 
do his specialty on him.  If you move your joystick left and right 
the wrestler runs into the ropes and comes back and then you can choose
on which way you will hit your enemy.
You can also clime on the ropes into the corners and jump upon your 
enemy, and kick him down. 

You can also step out of the ring. If you do that for more than fifteen 
seconds or three times after each other the match is over. 

If the match is over you can choose to play again or to quit. You have 
three credits each time.  If you quit you have to change disks again, 
and the intro-screen will be loaded again.

My personal opinion:
The graphics are nice, but not spectacular and the sound-effects 
are bad. The constantly changing of disks, when you for example start
or quit a game is very irritating. 

I think this is a new kind of game, but it could have been done much
more better. 
I also think that this game is only for wrestle-fans, cause the rest
will be pretty soon bored by the game.



                         D E A T H B R I N G E R 

The second game I'am going to write something about is Deathbringer. 
This is one of the two games who are good. 

When you start the game you first get an intro screen with some nice 
fast music. When you push a button it will load further. Then you get
I nice drawn picture of a house and some trees, and a giant who 
is screaming. (I don't know why, but it is still a fact. ) After a 
few moments a scrollrol comes down out of the sky, and knocks the giant 
down. You can read the scroll, but it is not very readable because of 
the small font that is used and the combination of colors of the font 
and paper. It is also awfull long, so I didn't pay much attention to it
and pressed fast on escape. Then the game will be loaded from disk two.
That you have to change disks will not be announced, but you only get a 
black screen. 

The game:
It is a very simple game, our hero dartels through the fields and meets 
some nasty persons who still seem to get some money of him. You have 
to slay them down. Our hero can not swim, and hates water so much that 
if he touches it some of his power will be lost. 
After the first level you have to pass some giants, who try to hit  
you with their fists or feet, when you passed them you go to level two.
After level two you have to pass a kind of fire-spitting dragon, and 
after level three you have to pass I big biting and hitting snake.
I didn't get further. 

I can not tell you more of the game then only my personal opinion.

The game is very nice. The graphics and parallax scrolling are very good.
The sound-effects are nice but not very super. The intro-music is good,
but very boring after a while. The animation is very good, but it is also
very funny to see the man walking in the way he does. 

It's a very nice game for a Sunday when you have nothing to do and you
are bored. More can I not say about it.

 
                           B L U E   M A X 

This is my third text about a game. The game is called Blue Max, and 
it is a French airplane-simulator. You have to fly in airplanes from 
the first world war. 

When I got the game from Bonus and we tried to load it we had to wait
such a long time that I thought the disk had to be broken. But after a 
minute of three suddenly something appeared on my screen. It was an 
animation on the background in black and white. we also saw a 3d 
airplane moving in front of it. My sister had just played with the 
computer and had turned the noise down. As we did not hear anything 
during the animation I turned up the noise. I'd better did not do that.
I could not believe what I heared. The sound was so terrible that I 
immediatly turned down the noise. I have never heard such terrible 
sounds, not even when i had an MSX. Yes Bonus said the sound isn't 
very good. Later I noticed the game isn't much better either. 

Two days later I tried to play the game. After a long loading time and 
the terrible intro-screen I saw finally the option screen. 
You can choose between one and two players, and you can choose with what
instrument the player wants to play. (Joystick, Mouse, Keyboard.)
You can choose between four or five planes. ( I don't know exactly 
because I didn't find this game as interesting as the others.)
If you have chosen another plane you will not notice much difference 
while playing, because only some colors change and your maximum-speed.
You can set the weather-conditons, and the sound. This is an option 
which I do not understand, because it doesn't make any difference how 
you have set the sounds, you hear nothing, only when you shoot you hear 
the board cannon. 
I think I have said enough about the options-screen, you can set more
things, but they are not so very interesting.

If you choose to play the game you get a black screen and the
diskdrive starts loading. After a while you are asked to change disks.
If you have done that the diskdrive starts loading again. After a while 
the game is there. You are in the air with your plane. 

If you press F2-F4 the disk loads another viewpoint in. If you press F9 
the computer loads an information-screen. If you dare to press the 
fire button ( if you play with joystick) for the first time the disk 
has to load the shots in. The landscape is green and has one house and 
a river. If you crash the computer has to load  the option screen 
from disk one. 

I think I have had said (typed) already to much of this horrible "game".

If I may give you an advice, then don't buy this game because it is a 
waste of money, and if you want to loose your money then you can also
send it to me. The loading time of this game is terrible, and it has 
load on the strangest times. The graphics are bad, and the sound is 
worse. 

There are much more better flightsimulaters for the Atari ST.  


                     LETHAL XCES, WINGS OF DEATH II

This game is realy worth playing. It is also on two disks. On disk one
is the intro screen. The game is made by a few guys who also code
demo's. If I am not mistaking then they coded the hidden screen of 
the Year after demo. This great piece of software is very good coded, 
because the program runs also on a Mega Ste 4. If you don't know 
already, most of the games crash on a Mega Ste 4 because they don't know
what to do with so much memory. 

The loading time is very short and after a few  moments you are asked 
to change disks. Then you come in an option-screen in which you can 
choose between one or two players, you can choose between sound-effects,
music, and music with sound-effects. If you have an Ste you can also
choose for Blitter on and off. 

If you do nothing the high-score list is shown. If you press "P" then 
the list will be printed. If you still do nothing you get a demo of
the game. 

You flie with your plane over a slow moving but smoothly scrolling 
landscape. you have to shoot other planes and enemies. Some of them
give weapons when they are shot others give you money when they are 
shot. The money is just for extra points. When you pick up a weapon 
a voice says very clearly what kind of weapon you've just picked up.
For example: Laser, Seeker, Triangle, Monster, Drone, Police. Some 
of the enemies give a skull when you flie over them. They make 
you loose power or loose an extra powerfull weapon. You can make 
an extra powerfull weapon by collecting every time the same weapon.
If you have already enoug of that weapon it just gives a kind of 
explosion what will destroy the enemies around you. 


Personal opinion:
It is a very good game. I think it is better then Xenon II because it
doesn't have to load as much as Xenon II and also scrolls smoother. 
The graphics are more than good, and I can also say that for the musics
and sound-effects. 

I can not say more of this game then: go buy it, admirer it, and play 
it.

Text by O.T.M. of Digital.




