MULTI REVIEW


Devious Design from Image Works

Doc Devious is really a nut case. A genious he is, but completly mad.
He is really trying to, with some help of his latest machine, alter the
most famous culture goods made by humanity in geometric forms(???). Only
one can stop this nutcase and he is called J.J. Maverick.
He now has the task of altering everything back in his normal shape. And
so he now must bring back the geometric formed pieces to the place they
should be. Okay i admit this all sound a bit weird also, but it isn't as 
weird as the plot of this game.
What Image works made here is some kind of puzzel game. The aim of the 
game is: to place back the froms in the right places, in the right pattern
with lots of tactic.
The graphix are okay, sometimes even very nice. Well and the name they have
chosen couldn't be better. It's the kind of game you could get hooked on
but it's difficult to explain here so try it out for yourself...


Golden Eagle by Loriciel.

An again there is a dark time ahead of us. In the future the people 
that live on the moon are controlled by a computer that has the
controles over  us by a small inplant in our head. They live in
a large moonbase and so do you, well let's say you play the part of one
of them. But one day you are stroke by lightning an guess what... Yep you
implant malefunctions. He now knows he is the chosen one to get all
pieces together that are spread all of the base from the Goldeen Eagle.
Once they are all toghter freidom is yours (or something like that).

Not a very new idea, but it always seem to work even for Loriciel. It's
a kind of action/adventure game. You walk around the place destroying
droids, robots and other sick people that wander around the place trying
to make live seems senseless. And while you are doing all this you have to
crack a safe once in a while to get another piece of the Golden Eagle. 
Sounds hard to do, well it isn't at all.
The Animation of the figures is nice, the background isn't much special.
The sound, some small beeps as always and as small musix piece. 
The orginal package has a large map of the whole base and a few stickers
you can stick up on places you already found some pieces of the treasure.
It's a nice addition, you won't need to draw maps anymore.
Altogether it's a nice game, something for starters i would say, and only
some small thing could be better.


Soul Crystal from Starbyte Software
(adventure)

Well i think everybody that isn't over 18 yet knows the problem. 
Every year when the big vacations start you think "Great now I 
can do what i want" and most of the time it turns out that you 
have to go where your mom and dad go. They go again to some so 
boring place you can't amuse yourself. Also Dave , the main 
character in this adventure, had the same experience and had 
enough of it. But this year it's the first time he can travel 
alone !!. And where is he going ??, well he found himself a 
legendary lake place somewhere in Scotland. 
The people out there are a bit weird by the first look of things 
and the hotel is special either but the view of the landscape is
great. Especialy the lake, where as the story says a city sonk 
in it. But already during his first swim in the lake he is pushed 
unter water and he awakes in a parralel world surrounded by pass 
word elfs, goblins, magicians etc. And ofcourse Dave is falling 
in the hands of a magician, is forced to sell his sool, and get 
back out of trouble and with his sool.

Well a nice story to start with don't you think. The whole things 
is controlled by mouse and very easy to use. Especialy if you 
use and key and mouse combinations you can get along very fast. 
But even with the mouse and picture guide menu it's a real text 
adventure. To find a difficult word you might not know you can 
always use the mouse to click on it, so you won't be left alone 
with al the trouble. And very difficult input isn't possible.
It's one of the last real text adventures, a sort of programm 
that seems to disappear in the future. All over a nice game if you 
like this kind of games.

                                   Bonus Software.

   
 
