NTM DEMO DISK 1


The N.T.M. demo.

The N.T.M. is a new and multi group demo. This means that a lot
of groups have made a screen. Main organizer was ZUUL.
N.T.M. stands for Network Terminal Manager. Its a demo that is
2 disk's big with about 21 screens (if any hidden not included).

So explaning for terms that are used for not programmers or alike...

Rasters = Colors that change on each screen line.
1 plane = 1 color is used
2 planes= 1 till  4 colors are used
3 planes= 1 till  9 colors are used
4 planes= 1 till 16 colors are used
Yamaha  = sound chip the Atari has.


  So lets start...

Insert disk 1 and power up your computer...

Small loader and here he is the main character from Toki.
Four big stones with NTM on it, that Toki will knok dowm
if you let him (you can skip this intro by pressing space).
A little butterfly comes flying along with a text flag behind
it with the credits on it...

Hit space and you will see a loader screen appear...
It's a nice one, made by the Iron Team. Its a kind of chequered
background scrolling forwards, with big LOADING standing in it.
Above there is a starfield moving alonge with the background and 
throught this all the text please wait is distorting...
       (and there is some loading done too !!)

And then after a pritty long load the Main menu. Its a nice
one if you fancy game's. It looks a bit like Goldrunner, you know
an old vertikal shoot'em up, but with new grafix. You can fly with
it over a large field where the demo's are standing in. If you want
to start one just fly over it and if you are on top of it press space.
Yes it all looks easy enough but there are also some aliens to take 
care of. Every time you hit one with your plane power is draining.
If the power is zero, away you go !!!. Luckely you have three lives
but after that its "start all over again". But there are some lasers 
onboard of this ship so your can take care of yourself !!!.
Okay we fly over the landscape, and see the first demo from....

T.G.E. demo,

After a rather long load we get...
A nice but nothing special demo. It mainly a greetings screen, with
a greet roller in the middle of the screen. While we are watching this
a big scroller in the Megadeth font comes along. And there is even 
something for the ears, amodule music playing on the background. Sounds
good, looks nice.

Pressing the space bar results in a Loading screen, and fly by to the
next screen. This one is made by...

ZUUL

This one has a short loading time. And this is a real standaard screen
we have seen often before, but always seem to be there.
One big bouncing and distorting logo with on both sides a small Atari
computer. In the background there is a nice picture of a mountain, some 
rasters and in front there it is again the chequered horizon. 
Thats not all, we still got a 1 plane logo bouncing around with some
rasters in it, a small scroller with greetings in it, a train (??)
passing in front of the mountain. In the lower border we have a larger
scroll text with a picture throught the letters and that about it.
There is much happening on screen, we are hearing chippy music and
having a good time.

Pressing the space bar still results in a loader screen so we can
fly a bit further. There another box with the demo of...

NEXT

Again a short load. First the Next logo/picture appears and the music 
starts. After a while the picture is fading away. Then the real demo 
starts. Now a special piece of music starts, soundchip but only two
channels are used (well if you must believe the level indicators).
Yes the level indicators, two pair of them above and a special one
in the middle. It looks a bit plasma alike. Between the level ind.
pair vector figurs and names appear. In the middle there are two
small 8x8 scroll text in two raster made bars. Inbetween the plasma
level ind. does his job. Below we see a moving background, a ntm logo
in 2 planes, and over it there is a text in 1 plane you can control
by using the arrow keys up and down. It tells about the group, the new
megademo and a game. If you want to know it all get a copy of the demo.
This demo could have been better (they say),but due of there making
the megademo it didn't. 

So pressing space again...
flying and finding another demo and that's...

FUTURE MINDS

A long loader (and unpacking)....
A large picture appears with FM above, Please waitin the middle and
thinking below. 6 small level bars to make up for things to come...
AAAHHHHH a text appears saying... PRESS RETURN TO GO ON
                      and so i did,

Yep another spreadpoint idea demo. Some module music is playing, altough
it doesn't sound that good !!. Four level bars poping in from above and
are filled with raster colors. 10 small scrollers and 2 big ones are 
almost filling the screen. In the middle there is a large raster bar
with Future minds in it. Through the letters another text is trying 
to get by, and meanwhile  the name THE GUILD is bouncing over the screen.
The letters are made in somekind of vector lines. And thats it, shame
about the music !!!

Hit the big dud, and keep flying...
Then land on...
  
MJJ Productions

Very short loader (lucky me). Then it goes like this...
2 planes balls background moving, with a very large scroller moving
over it filled up with rasters. The whole screen is aslso filled 
with about 24 8x8 small scrollers with raster colors. 2 music to 
choose from and some function keys to change things a bit.
Sound very simple but is rather a nice screen.

Then my head dropt on the keyboard, sliding down and pressing the
big key with my nose.. off we go again,
fly, shitty aliens eat laser so i can get to...

THE VEGTABLES

Happy me, short loader. This is a welknown screen. Vertical rasters in
different patterns, a big Vegtables logo above, and a 1 plane scroller
to read. Chip music to fill the ears. PRESS SPACE i hear you say so...

Now things seem to start !! A very nice plasma background, with a picture
scrolling over it. This one is called the watermelon screen. Best thing
about it all the very nice plasma that can be changed by pressing the
function key's.
Good screen, nice technics.

Okay getting my head together again, i press the spacy dud...
I see them flying (in dutch that means "ik zie ze vliegen") and the next
demo is;

THE FINGERBOBS

After a normal loading time we get: A big logo distorting in the
middle of the screen, 2 bigger scrollers (about 32x32 could be 24x24)
and lots of small scrollers in the background filled with raster colors.
There is chip music to pop around the clock and thats it. We have seen 
much better from them, maybe they have been doing something else.

hit it man !!!
fly and land on...

THE SCAVENGERS 

The first full screen we see in this demo. The background is filled
with rasters and Mickey Mosue faces. There is a small 8x8 scroller
in the upper border and a 1 plane logo bouncing all over the place.
A big 1 plane picture is filling the rest of the screen, it some
times scrolls but you can stop it by pressing "P". The yamaha chip
is doing his tunes in this screen. Nice, a bit pale, could use a
bit more color.

But do not cry there is more if you press space again and fly
to...

ACF (Alien Cracking Force, if i'm not mistaken)

Short load and then, weel what can i say ???
Lot's on screen but nothing new. Big acf letter bouncing from left to
right. Distorted "Alliance", scrolltext (32x32), bouncing balls as level
indicators. But special done, some nice sinus dot figurs in the background
that can be changed by pressing the key's 1 till 8. Yamaha sound fills
it up. Standaard stuff,

Crash on the biggy
 and resume to the next one...

THE DYNAMIC DUO

After a normal wait we get a fullscreen demo with a 32x32 high 2 planes
scroller, rasters, distorted NTM logo. 3 very huge level indicators
filled up with rasters. Some small foot prints following the scrolline
and a dynamic due text scrolling(??) front the back to the front.
Looks easy, but is a nasty little one to make, check it out man.

Now we press the big one again and we can fly to the first demo of
the second disk and now its time for you to swap to the next article
called N.T.M.DEMO DISK 2...

                                Bonus Software
                                (i am getting small red eye by now !!)

 
