ROBOCOP 3

ROBOCOP 3

Well here is another review by O.T.M. 
This game is called Robocop, and it is the third in it's 
serie. 

But those who think they know what kind of game it is, they 
have to realize it is not a game like Robocop 1 or 2.

Robocop 1 and 2 where platform games, Robocop 3 is a 3 
dimensional game. But now something about the game. You are
robocops and your job is to shoot some bad guys, stop some cars,
and support some police-cars. And if you think that this is all,
at the end you have to fight another Robot.

First you are asked to enter a language, you can choose between
English, Deutsch, or French. After some loading you are asked 
what kind of game you want to play: The movie adventure, or 
the action arcade. 

If you choose arcade action, you can choose what kind of game 
you want to play. You can choose to kill some hi-jackers, or 
you can shoot some punks, you can stop some cars, help some
police-officers, or kill a japanese android with a big mouth.

If you want to kill the Hi-jackers, you are put in a building 
which you have to walk through. You hear constantly beeping, 
the closer you get to the hi-jackers the faster the beep goes.
You must be very carefull cause you may not shoot Hostages. 
If you do, then you will loose much efficiency, and much of
your score. If your efficiency is 0 then you are dead.


If you have shot the hi-jackers, you can choose again, what kind
of game you want to play, after the media break. 

This is something I haven't told you yet, but Robocop is in this
game followed by some journalists who give a live report to the 
people. This is done very nice, and it is something very new. 
You can choose the camera-view by pressing the function keys.
But the robocop view is the most functional. 

If you choose to kill some punks, you are dropped in a building
with punkers, and other people. As in the previous game you may
not shoot the not-punkers, couse else you will loose efficiency,
and most of your score. 

If you have shot 35 punkers, you will get the message, that most
of the punkers fled, or are dead, and that you have done very 
nice. 

If you want to ride in a car, you have to bumb to the car of 
the criminal until his car gives up the fight, and explodes. 
Then you have to deal with an armoured truck, and I have to be
honoust with you I couldn't deal with it. So I can not tell you 
more about that. 

The flying part now. This is a very difficult part. You have 
to escort some police-man to the crime. This is so difficult, 
that I couldn't manage it in this short time. (I have to be 
fast, next week will the new mag. be alive.)

The same goes for the android fighting. This is  a very strange
part of this game. But it is very simple you have to  kill the 
android. But to do so is another thing. The android is 
constantly moving, and to hit him good and hard before it hits 
you is very difficult. 

I think that the Movie Adventure is all of this together. 

My final conclusions about this game. I think Ocean has put a
good product on the market. The game-concept is not totally new,
but it is done very good. The graphics are good, and the same 
goes for the sound effects. Another good point of this game is 
the 3d scrolling, it goes very fast which is also good for the
game. 
 
It's a pitty though that there is very litle music in this game,
and that it has so much Disk-access. It is a good thing that 
they have build in a way you can abort the media-breaks by
pressing escape.  
 
Got to quit now, got more games to review.

O.T.M. out.

P.S. 
Sorry that I didn't make it longer, but  Bonus told me that 
there wasn't  much disk-space left. 


 
