ADVANTAGE TENNIS.

ADVANTAGE TENNIS (Oldie but goldie)

This is O.T.M. again writing something about Advantage Tennis.

The game is produced by Infogrames. If you get something of 
Infogrames, you can count on it that it is something original, 
and so it is this time. 

If you start up with the disk after a while you get a nice not 
to slow music with voices in it. This piece of music uses good 
samples. The music isn't to soft, and it is very clear. 

If you wait a few seconds later it gives a picture of infogrames,
and after some loading it give a picture of the game. If you 
press the joystick button, then you can choose a language. French
German or English. You can choose by pressing the button if the
right language flashes, or you can choose by using the mouse. If 
you move the mouse, then suddenly there will appear a small 
tennisball on the screen. 

If you have chosen a language, the computer will load further. 
After some loading there will appear a options screen. You can 
choose if you want to quit,  play a seison, train, or set your 
preferences. If you have chosen something the music will turn on 
again, and the computer will load your option. 

If you want to choose anything it is best to do it with the 
mouse. because the computer doesn't react very fast on the 
joystick.

If you have chosen to train then you have to choose an opponent. 
It is best to let the computer be your opponent, because the 
other players are much more better than you, and you will loose 
the game. 

Now let's play a match against the computer. If you see yourself 
for the first time you will be shocked by the size of your legs
and your body. You are very thin. But if you have played for 
a while you seem to move very naturally. 

To play a game is not very easy because you don't have to hit 
the ball. You only have to move to the ball, and choose a hit. 
You have to adjust yourself to that kind of playing. 

As I said the movement of the players is good. There are even 
some animations in the game. If you win a game very easely you 
will throw your racket behind your back up in the air, and you 
will catch it in front of you. If you loose the game in a silly 
way you will throw your racket on the ground, and you will jump 
on it.

There is no music when you play the game, but the samples are 
good. You make a funny noise when you serve, and the sound of 
the ball is very real. When there has been a very exciting 
rally the public is very enthousiastic. The voice of the judge 
is also loud and clear.


I think this is a very nice game. Every tennis-freak should have
this game, and it is worth it's money. I only think that the 
loading time is to long, and the music is after a while very 
boring. The sound effects and the graphics are good, but sometimes
the screen flashes, and the choosing isn't as it should be. 
By the way I have noticed that sometimes the mouse has effect on
the music. If you move the mouse fast the music will go slower. 

Well this is the end of my text.

O.T.M. out.


Bye.




