A GUIDE TO MODERN DANCE MUSIC
~TEST.FIL~
                 *** A Guide To Modern Dance Music ***
                         * By Havoc / Giants *
                         
Before you start reading this article, please be aware of this:
If you don't like dance music, get back to the menu!
But if you do like it, this might be of some interest to you.

The list I've made is not complete, nor does it attempt to be. Dance music 
today is so diverse that describing all existing styles is virtually 
impossible. There also are too many sub-styles and cross-over styles ever to 
be known by one single person. If anyone feels like completing or improving 
the list, please be my guest, and send me a copy. There are vague plans to 
include other genres of music (like hardrock etc.), but my knowledge of 
these is far too small to do it myself. Anyone wanting to help out is 
welcome to do so.
                               ~MIDI.BLK~
Let's go!

Style: House
Origin: USA (esp. Chicago)
Associated styles: Almost all music with computerized drums
Details: In its original form, house was mainly played at gay disco's. The 
         name 'house' is widely believed to originate from a club in Chicago 
         called 'The Warehouse'. There probably are more subcultures within 
         house than hairs on your head. 
Popularity: The original house died when all the subcultures appeared.

              
Style: Clubhouse
Origin: Belgium
Associated styles: Eurohouse, Dance
Details: A big movement some five years ago, but a lot of people came to 
         dislike it when the fans started to go too strange (like for 
         instance stealing stuff from graves etc.)
Popularity: Clubhouse is still popular amongst DJ's because it is suitable 
            to mix (simple basslines), but the fans have turned their back 
            to it.

         
Style: Garagehouse
Origin: USA
Associated styles: Clubhouse, House
Details: When the house records from Chicago became available throughout the 
         USA, a lot of people started to make their own house at home. The 
         garagehouse is the last type of house that originates from America.
Popularity: Garagehouse has had a period of popularity, but is back 
            underground by now. Every now and then a record pops up at the 
            other side of the ocean, and is usually only played in disco's.

            
Style: Breakbeat
Origin: England
Associated styles: Jungle, Dance
Details: Back in 1993, breakbeat was very popular in Europe, mainly because 
         of an English group called 'The Prodigy'. They released a lot of 
         classic tracks like 'Out of Space', 'Android' and 'Charly'. A lot 
         of groups released records in the same style, but they never had 
         the success The Prodigy had. Last year, The Prodigy released a new 
         CD and had another few top 10 hits (No Good, Voodoo People). 
         Rumours say that The Prodigy is currently working on a crossover 
         record together with the metalboys from Sepultura.
Popularity: Quite big, although there's only one group topping the charts.


Style: Hardcore (or Gabber)
Origin: Holland (esp. Rotterdam)
Associated styles: Jungle, Happy Hardcore
Details: The definitive answer to all mellow music. Hardcore house is the 
         most extreme form of dance music. At least 180 beats per minute.
Popularity: There aren't that many gabbers (hardcore fans), but they usually 
            are very fanatic and tend to have a limited respect for other 
            styles.

              
Style: Happy Hardcore
Origin: Holland, Germany
Associated styles: Hardcore, Jungle, Dance
Details: The friendly form of gabber. The tempo is still quite high (around 
         170 bpm) but the music is more suitable to dance on. A great future 
         is expected for happy hardcore because many dance fans want 
         something a bit harder and many hardcore fans want somewhat more 
         positive music.
Popularity: Quite high at the moment, expected to increase.

              
Style: Techno
Origin: USA (esp. Detroit)
Associated styles: All Techno variants
Details: The Detroit answer to Chicago's house. More subtle and abstract 
         than house.
Popularity: Very high among experts, very low among the public.

                                        ~MIDI.BLK~
Style: Tekno
Origin: Germany
Associated styles: Techno, Industrial
Details: Tekno started as a subculture in Berlin, and became popular in the 
         early 90's. Commercial exploitation led to a drastic decrease of 
         the original tekno spirit, especially when money-makers like  
         2Limited were marketed as being tekno. A very famous group in this 
         genre is U96 ('Das Boot', 'I Wanna Be A Kennedy').
Popularity: A few years ago it was massive in Germany, and big in the rest 
            of Europe, but commercialism killed the real tekno.


Style: Rave (style)
Origin: Europe (Germany, England, Holland)
Associated styles: Hardcore, Happy Hardcore
Details: The commercial brother of Happy Hardcore. Very popular at the 
         moment, thanks to artists and groups like Mark'Oh, Scooter, 
         Interactive, Marusha, Westbam and Perplexer, to name but a few. In 
         a certain way, rave is the follow-up to tekno.
Popularity: Very very high. Look at the recent charts and see for yourself!

              
Style: Rave (group of styles)
Origin: Every country north of the Falklands.
Associated styles: n/a
Details: Rave is also the common term for just about every style of common 
         dance music with more than 120 beats per minute (bpm).
Popularity: n/a

              
Style: Dance
Origin: Europe
Associated styles: Eurohouse, House, Mellow, Clubhouse, Eurodance
Details: The softest form of house. It's very friendly to hear, and well 
         suited to dance, if you do it slow and relaxed.
Popularity: Not so high, but every self-respecting disco will run this at 
            the beginning of an evening.

            
Style: Italo Dance
Origin: Italy
Associated styles: Disco, Italo House
Details: Relaxed music, nearly too slow to dance. Relies on vocals.
Popularity: Very small, just for freaks and Italians.


Style: Italo House
Origin: Italy and France
Associated styles: House, Italo Dance, Eurohouse
Details: The prdecessor of Eurohouse. Many people came to know this music on 
         their holidays in Italy or Spain. Most famous DJ: Joe T. Vanelli.
Popularity: Low, especially after Eurohouse appeared.


Style: Triphop
Origin: England & USA
Associated styles: Trance, hiphop
Details: One of the new hypes at this moment, a famous example is 
         Portishead.
Popularity: Medium, still little more than a hype.

              
Style: Ambient
Origin: All around the world
Associated styles: Ambient dub, new age, nature
Details: The famous 'walk through the woods music'. Very relaxed, no 
         bassdrums and a lot of natural sound elements.
Popularity: Obscure but popular.

                                        ~MIDI.BLK~
Style: Ambient Dub
Origin: England
Associated styles: House, Breakbeat
Details: Quite relaxing, this is (in my opinion) the best chill-out music. 
         In the last two years, the exact difference between on one hand 
         ambient and on the other house and breakbeat became more and more 
         vague. Everything in between of these two is called Ambient Dub.
Popularity: Rising, but not expected to become extremely large.


Style: Technosoul
Origin: USA & Holland
Associated styles: Techno, House, Dance, Soul
Details: The clubmusic for the next century is a very good description for 
         this style by a famous Dutch DJ (Dimitri). Technosoul builds the 
         bridge between the sampled drums of today and the soulful music 
         that has existed for over a century by now, relying on strong 
         basslines and vocals.
Popularity: Little. The future is unclear, when will the public be ready for 
            the return of the vocals?

              
Style: Grungetechno
Origin: England, Scandinavia
Associated styles: Techno, Hardcore
Details: The rawest form of techno available (imagine some kind of an 
         extreme digital Nirvana).
Popularity: Little, and, due to the inaccessibility of the music, not likely 
            to increase. 
                                   ~MIDI.BLK~
            
Style: Acid
Origin: Europe
Associated styles: House, Trance
Details: A real mania at the end of the eighties, it had a cult status that 
         is hardly comparable with the status the newer styles have. There 
         has never been so much hype about house apart from the acid 
         movement (around 1988).
Popularity: Very little now. There is hardly any acid being produced these 
            days.


Style: Trance
Origin: Belgium
Associated styles: Hardtrance, Dance
Details: Somewhat hypnotizing music, very popular in clubs. Although the 
         movement started in Belgium, Germany and Holland have now taken 
         over Belgium's leading position.
Popularity: Trance is big in clubs, a little less outside the clubs.

              
Style: Hardtrance
Origin: Germany, England, Holland
Associated styles: Hardcore, Trance
Details: The harder version of Trance. The sound is a lot like hardcore, and 
         a lot of people tend to confuse the two. The essential difference 
         is in the breaks, and the build-up, which are smoother in 
         Hardtrance.
Popularity: Reasonable. Most Hardcore fans like Hardtrance too, and it's 
            more accessible than Hardcore, so there are quite a lot of 
            people who like it. There aren't, however, very much real fans.

                                    ~MIDI.BLK~
Style: Hiphop
Origin: USA
Associated styles: Triphop, Rap
Details: The modern black music of America. Quite easy to recognize by the 
         continuing breakbeat loops 
Popularity:

Well, it suddenly ends here, our man Havoc would have sent the rest of the
article but, the poor bastard got ill. Anyway the next time around he will make
it up to ya' all  (ED) !

~GREY.PAL~  
