JAGUAR IN PC CART


SAN JOSE, Calif., May 3 /PRNewswire/ -- Atari Corp. (AMEX: ATC) today
announced that it has exclusively licensed Jaguar technology to Sigma
Designs (NASDAQ: SIGM) to deliver PC cards incorporating the award-
winning Jaguar 64-bit technology with Sigma's Reel-Magic(TM) full-motion
video capabilities.  This deal will expand Jaguar's market reach by
allowing more than 10 million users to play Jaguar software titles on
their IBM-compatible personal computers by year's end.
 
"Atari will once again jump ahead of the market by bringing the world's
most advanced game technology to a new group of consumers in record time,"
said Sam Tramiel, president of Atari.  "Knowing there would be great
demand for Jaguar on personal computers -- we designed the system to talk
easily to the leading computer architectures.  This has allowed us to move
quickly to partner with Sigma Designs to make this happen before
Christmas."
 
"We are pleased to join Atari in its mission to expand the industry
standards for video game play," said Julien Nguyen, vice president of
engineering and chief technical officer of Sigma Designs.  "Jaguar's
64-bit technology will be extremely attractive to the MPC customer base of
more than 10 million users.  By combining Sigma's Moving Picture Experts
Group (MPEG) technology with Atari's 3D animation, we look forward to
bringing the hottest video game technology and software titles to the
desktops of users worldwide."
 
Sigma Designs, headquartered in Fremont, Calif., is a leading manufacturer
of high-performance multimedia computer products and document imaging
display solutions.  With the the release of its ReelMagic MPEG controller
in October 1993, Sigma Designs redefined affordable video playback for the
PC.  ReelMagic allows users to experience a new generation of realistic
entertainment, education, training, and business presentation software
titles with full-screen, full-motion video and CD-quality sound.  All
Sigma Designs products are sold worldwide through a network of dealers,
distributors and system integrators.
 
Atari Jaguar is the world's first 64-bit interactive multimedia home
entertainment system and is the only video game system manufactured in the
United States.  Jaguar, the most powerful multimedia system available, was
recently named the industry's "Best New Game System" (Video Games
Magazine), "Best New Hardware System" (Game Informer) and "1993 Technical
Achievement of the Year" (DieHard GameFan).  Jaguar also recently was
given the European Computer Trade Show Award for "Best Hardware of the
Year."
 
Atari Corp., based in Sunnyvale, Calif., manufactures and markets 64- bit
interactive multimedia entertainment systems, video games and personal
computers for the home, office and educational marketplaces.
  
NOTE:  All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
 
                                     -0-
 
5/3/94 /CONTACT:  Lynn Thompson, 408-764-0740, or Karen Magill,
617-494-8202, both of Cunningham Communication for Atari; or Bill Rehbock
of Atari, 408-745-2000
 
(ATC SIGM)
CO:  Atari Corporation; Sigma Designs ST:  California IN:  CPR SU: PDT
 
 
--
 
Travis Guy - Editor - Atari Explorer Online Magazine + Mulder--"Could you help
     Please EMail me at: aeo.mag@genie.geis.com      | me find my dog? He's a
AEO subscriptions: stzmagazine-request@virginia.edu  | Norwegian Elkhound. His
  FTP AEO Volume 3 from rahul.net:pub/wilsont/AEO    | name is Heinrich. I use
 (The weather's stormy in - FLORIDA!)   1001100x02   + him to hunt moose."
 



