SYNERGY SAYS...

Introducing...Synergy Software Development
A brief note by Zanac from Synergy
20th September 1992, The Hague, Holland

Since the 29th of August 1991 we've been called many a name, ranging from 
Synergy Systems Software, a newly recruted production team from Elite,
to a Swedish crew organizing the Mega Leif Party. It seems that part of 
our beloved ST-scene is wandering through the mists of demogroup-hierarchy, 
right as we speak. This little article is meant to clarify things a bit,
and will hopefully leave you with a much richer picture of Synergy Software 
Development, or simply Synergy...

We like to think it all started in August 1991. The preceding years 
mention names like Cyberfox, The Vision, and a dark period of 
Aenigmatica, but those are terms not worth defining any further here, 
since in my opinion they are on a much lower level of significance.

When starting off with a new name and newly found emotions, we made
huge plans, which have been partly realised already, but due to finding 
so much fun and energy in our new formation, our planning was a bit off 
time-wise.
Our more-than-a-year-ago-planned Megademo isn't finished yet, but 
nevertheless we managed to release a few smaller products, that may be
familiar to you: an ASCII demo, two intro's for Elite and an interview 
for Disk Times.
The greater part of our public recognition so far, however, can be 
explained through the chip-musics of our musician, Scavenger.
You've all heard 'Synergy Lovetheme' featured in Overdose and Punish Your
Machine. Then there was the music accompanying our Elite intros. 
A second great success was the 1st prize winner in the music contest on 
Electra's 'Mega Leif' Party in April 1992, which was written by 
Scavenger, and for the first time used our own chipsong replay routine, 
written by B.A.T.

But apart from these great productions, our main objective is finishing
our Megademo, and it has been for about a year now. It's clear that our 
production schedule has been severly stalled, by both lazyness through fun
and shutdowns through new products.
Nevertheless we have so far managed to finish about 75 percent of our
Megademo, forced to proceed by the landing of the Falcon at the end of 
this year.
Obviously we have taken 2 weeks of our Megademo production-time by making
the intro accompanying this Disk Magazine.
Apart from our first Megademo, you can expect a few more Synergy intros in
the future: one for Elite again, but there are some other groups waiting
for our reply concerning a Synergy-intro request.

So now you know what we've been doing so far, and a bit of what we're up to,
but you don't really know WHO we are, do you?
I can imagine a finished product speaks a thousand words, where a 
memberlist speaks only a few, but no member of Synergy would have made it
this far, if it hadn't been for the others.
Synergy's most important aspect is our collective energy feedback system.
It sounds a bit cocky and overdone, but I can't express it in any other
way. It's just that we work so well together, that each person tends to 
gain so much new terrain on his own specific field, because of the other
members autonatically supporting him so well.
Collectivity indeed, and that's just what Synergy is all about.

Now seems the right time to tell you which individuals listen to the name
Synergy. I will proceed in alphabetical order and by ordering by workfield 
and the frequency of social meetings (which makes cooperation possible):

The most productive core of Synergy involves 5 persons, all living in or 
near The Hague. These are their names and the tasks they are mostly(!) 
busy with:
B.A.T      : Coding, hacking, PR                               (The Hague)
Rapido     : Coding, maths                                     (Zoetermeer)
Scavenger  : YM-Music, graphic design                          (The Hague)
Stash      : Tracker-music, texts                              (The Hague)
Zanac      : Graphics, graphic design, coding, PR              (The Hague)

Then there are two other persons of equally great importance, but they are 
living a bit out of cycling range, namely:
Chrome     : Synergy BBS, graphic design, swapping             (Amsterdam)
Wingleader : Synergy BBS, swapping, GFA-coding                 (Leeuwarden)

The remaining Synergy members aren't so far really involved in producing
one of our products, but they form a part of Synergy, just as we all do:
Arcade     : Tourmanager, joystick acrobat                     (The Hague)
DJ Mash    : Graphics                                          (Delft)
Mandrome   : Coding                                            (Delft)
Mysteria   : Coding                                            (Koudekerk)
Odessa     : Female member, adored by many-loved by only one   (The Hague)

A few characteristics of Synergy do seem in need of a further statement
here, since some people definitely are in need of a full description of 
our group. It seems they weren't capable of getting a full picture on their 
own, so I'll just do it for them: 
Synergy is an independent Dutch demogroup. We are not working for Elite, 
nor anybody else for that matter, because we often startle people by being 
chaotic, extremely original and very friendly. We did find out however, 
that this is hard to understand for a lot of folks. I mean, a cooperative 
construction mostly screams for terms like money, wealth and contracts. 
We also shouldn't forget the beat'em all demo syndrome: Did anybody ever 
figure out, that whoever shouts words like 'lamer' and 'beat this' and 
really means those words, is a very uncertain person, who desperately needs
a character boost HIMSELF? He's also dumb enough to think he'll earn 
respect that way... why don't they notice people never like to hear how 
GOOD you are, it's much nicer to hear WHO you are, and in what way your 
feelings (=art), compare to theirs. That's called having fun together.
I for one, would rather have fun with people doing the same thing as we do,
like making use of a computer in an original way, at least most of the time,
that is. For the readers who don't understand the last few sentences, 
or for the ones who feel insulted by them, I want to say that the last 
few remarks were quite personal ones; it's how I feel about the subject, 
and why I think Synergy works so well. 

Since I am quite aware of the fact that this text needs a bit of
digesting-time, I will put an end to this article in a few sentences. 
The true reason whispers about me still having to do lots of drawing for 
the intro of this mag, and then some overall touching up together with 
Bat and Chrome, and finally giving it to Alexander, in a few hours!
That is called being hasty.

For nice letters, pen-pal action, your demos, your experiences, questions,
or remarks, you may write to the following addresses:

Eric Zomer (Zanac)
Piet Heinplein 11
NL-2518CA The Hague
The Netherlands
070-3462295

Thomas van der Heijden (B.A.T)
Statenlaan 104
NL-2582GV The Hague
The Netherlands
070-3542835

Greetings, and a lot of fun with DBA Mag 6!
Zanac from Synergy.

