FIRST COMPUTER AID.


Computer aid.                
                           
Doesn't your computer sometimes seems a bit ill ?? Keeps on crashing ever
time you try something out, or just can't read any data from disk without
making  error everytime ???.  It could be he got a small virus unter his 
chips. But do not disspear,help is on the way with this First Aid kit. 

Special first aid for your diskdrive...


1) The drive light (LED) isn't buring.

   If you believe in things like Adam and Eve, Arc of Noach you might try
   to hold the Bible in front of your drive. Maybe it hasn't seen The light
   yet. 
   If you believe in the Darwin Theory, you know ape --> human, the you
   could also check the connectings on the back...

2) Errors during writing

   Really nasty one, but it can be helped. The pen in your diskdrive 
   is just ran out of inkt to write with. Just get a new pot of inkt
   and fill your drive up. It will write now everything you want.

3) Errors during reading.

   Yeeeaah that's a classic one. You just insert to many difficult 
   programs after one another. Just put an aspirin on your floppy and 
   put it in. Format the disk three times and away it is.
   P.S. this only seems to work on female computers at day time, in 
   weekends and late at night female computer don't go for it. I just 
   wonder why ???                  

4) Over active disk ejector...
 
   This only happens if you put "illegal" software. Just as you push 
   it in he will push it out. Try to get an original copy and try it
   again. 
   It could also be that you are using cheap disks and he refuses to
   write on it. Your computer will see this as an insult to his ego 
   and writing art. I think you better buy good one's.
   Then is is a change that you are using "colored" disks, you know 
   green, red , or yellow one's. Maybe your computer doesn't like the 
   color 


General first aid ( computer overall.)

1) Screen turns black

   A complete black out. This happens if a computer is used to long on 
   a hot summer day. He is now in a stress mode. Best thing to do is
   turn him off and go outside. What are you doing anyway on a hot 
   sommer day indoors, go out to swim....

2) Computer pops on in the middle of the night.

   Now you have a major problem !!!!. This is called a computer night
   mare. Your Atari probably dreamed that you traded him for a Ami..
   I mean thats just the worst nightmare a Atari could have. Just 
   insert the original Atari boot disk you got when you bought your
   Atari. He will read well known thing and cool down. Or keep and 
   large Atari advert in front of the screen. He will see the Atari 
   Corp. isn't dead and go back to sleep.

3) Your mouse is not responding to any movement.

   He is probably hidding for the cat. Just get a small piece of cheese
   and put it in front of the keyboard. If your are lucky this will make
   him come out...
        
4) Your computer is talking to you (and only you can hear it).

   Have you already asked yourself " How long am i sitting here already ?".
   Somethings if you have been exposing yourself to long to the radiation
   of the screen like X-rays, Y-rays and ST-rays, you start to hear things.
   I think it's time to go to bed, it probably already around midnight
   again. 

I hope these tips are of any use to you, if you have any of yourself send
them in so we can extend our First Computer Aid.

Hope to hear from all your ill computer people out there....

                                                      Bonus Aidware
                                         
