BLAT REVIEW

     Blat ( 1 MEG - STE ONLY )
     -------------------------

     Tetris fans are going to love this one. This is one of a hanfull of
     STE games that i have just recently managed to aquire. Why are
     people not providing a much needed service for this excellent
     computer. Come on programmers let see some more great things being
     developed on this machine.

     In the same style as many now day's tetris games you control a block
     of 3 coloured boxes as they plunge towards the bottom of the screen.
     Your goal is to match these different coloured boxes with others
     of the same colour to form a line either horizontally, diagonally,
     or vertically in at least a block of 3. Confused ?, it's alot easier
     to play than to explain.

     You control the blocks with the joystick and the fire button alternates
     the colours in the current blocks. When you managed to link up the
     correct sequence of blocks the computer deletes them from the screen
     and points are awarded. You need to clear so many of these blocks in
     this way to gain access to the next level.

     Things go quite easy for awhile and even i managed to gain access to
     the second level after a few attempts (I'm terrible at these type of
     games). There has been some new features added to this version however
     that makes it stand out from the crowd. There are differances in the
     blocks of the likes of bombs, fire, clocks, and lightning as well as
     many other's that appear at random intervals to help ease the burden
     a bit. But these blocks have to be placed in a specific way to
     enable use of them. For instance you place a bomb and then need the fire
     to ignite it, blowing away a small proportion of the placed blocks.
     If you are lucky enough to delete 5 blocks in a row of the same colour
     then you are awarded with a smart bomb (handy for those tight situations
     where there seems no way out).

     Sampled sound has been added and full use of the STE's blitter chip
     has been used. This makes the game stand out far better than it's STFM
     counterparts. There is a good scroller at the start of the game and a
     noval little blat proverb is shown on each new load of the program.

     The game is of a high quality and just shows what people are capable
     of doing. The only thing i became concerned about was the authors name -
     INFAMOUS CABBAGE (does this goes have access to something i don't ?).

     If you're looking for a good example of what an STE specific game should
     be like and even more so if you like this type of game then i suggest
     you getting your hands on this as soon as possible. If you hate this
     type of game then i would still advise you aquiring it because this
     it's the type of game that will suck you in and leave you behind in
     a blob of pieces saying "Oh just one more go then".

     My verdict is - Get it as soon as possible.


     Dizzy of the D.B.A.


