COZMIC JAM REVIEW

                       COZMIC JAM by IMAGINA
                       ---------------------

It was one sunny morning on my summer-holiday. I just received a couple
of letters, and I was opening one of them... Hmm, this one is from FOXE
of ANIMAL MINE... five disks... letter... intros... COZMIC JAM... intr...
Hey, what was it? COZMIC JAM? Sounds interesting, let's take a closer look
at it!

I inserted the disk to my disk drive. Screen faded to black and 'Loading'
text appeared... loading... waiting (depacking, I suppose) and then it
began! I heard some tracker-music and there was a nice little starfield
rotating on the screen. After about 10 seconds there was some text 
displayed on the screen, and the demo really started to run.

In 'main-screen' there was a COZMIC JAM-logo in the upper part of screen
and in the bottom there was a letter-routine, which told what there would
come next. Almost every part was some kind of vector-stuff (there was also
one cyclepic-effect). Vectors (filled of course) were not the fastest 
around, but considering that there were a tracker-module playing all the
time, they were fast enough.

After watching all the parts (it took several minutes) the loading started
again. This time 'THE END'-part was loaded. Again some nice graphics and
vector stuff. After a little (cool) animation it was time to see a scroll,
which told you the credits, greetings and other stuff like that.

When I had seen the whole demo through, I was very happy. This demo didn't
have any revolutionary programming tricks, but it was totally great! Cool
graphics and good music (which was not ripped!) made this show so good to
watch, that I just hope that IMAGINA is doing other products like this.

Group:         IMAGINA
Product:    COZMIC JAM
Machine:           STE
Code:                8
Graphics:          8.5  
Sound:             8.5
Originality:         7
interest:            9

                                                       SANDMAN/FLASH 1992

