TRAGEDY FOR U DEMO

    Tragedy for U Demo
    ------------------

    O.k. here we go with another demo review. I aquired this demo last week
    and i think it's for STE machines only. I tried it on the STFM and it
    locked on boot up. The demo is by New Trend which is a new group formed
    from the Silver Bullet Force that has ceased it's creations.
    ( The demo works okay on our STF computers, RED. )

    The demo is multi part but unfortunately cannot be classed as a mega
    demo as there are'nt that many screens. They set a plot that it's the
    year 2050 and that demo's are now prohibited. Next up comes an animated
    scene of a guy in a grey rain mac walking up and knocking on somebody's
    door. Another guy answers and the man with the rain coat say's something
    like "I have the new demo from Trend".
    "Were you followed ?" say's the man in the doorway.
    "No !", states the main in the mac.

    The scene then pans to both of them sitting around a computer watching
    the screen. The demo then starts from there.

    There are no cuddly little sprites to move around in search of doors
    in this demo. Instead they have opted for the Amiga way of doing things
    and that is to press the space bar to load up the next demo. On doing
    this you are presented with a picture of fastcopy 3 with a scrolltext
    displayed underneath. The demo then loads displaying the sectors it's
    accessing in the usual way that fastcopy 3 would.

    First real screen after the animation bit is a two player tank game. The
    idea is to stalk out the other player and blast him with your missiles.
    This has been done quite well and each direct hit reduces the other
    player's energy. When you zero the enemie tanks energy the game is won.
    Glorious digi music plays throughout.

    Second up is the Zoomer Screen. This screen has been coded very well and
    features two scrollers. The first being a distant scroller that heads
    from the back of the screen to the front and beyond (Hence the title of
    the screen). The second being a random curved scroller that is really
    smooth and has been very well coded. The chip music is excellent in this
    screen.

    The third screen has the title 3d Screen. This screen features a nicely
    coded star field and a small bouncy scroller in the bottom of the
    screen. In the centre are various unfilled 3d objects going through
    there paces. This would have looked impressive a few years ago but is
    now very dated. With crews getting better and better at displaying
    solid 3d objects these days the routines shown here are'nt as impressive as
    they could be. A few of the larger objects tended to be quite messy in
    the clean up operations and left traces. Not an overly impressive screen
    this one. The chip music was good though.

    The greetinx Screen was next. This featured red text on a blue background
    and was impossible to read on my t.v. I wish crews would take this
    into consideration when coding a demo as many user's do not have access
    to a monitor. When the greets start flying in you get to hear your
    atari speak them out as they are displayed on the screen. This screen is
    incredibly lame and the attempt at speach is really annoying. Most
    people had a form of speach program given away when they bought there
    computer and this used to drive people mad with the terrible sounds. If
    you know what i'm talking about then you will also start shivering when
    i say that this screen sounds worse than that. It rapidly annoys the
    hell out of you and you quickly hit space to enter the next screen. They
    should have attempted a sampled sound speech system. It may have been a
    fairly good screen then. No chip music on this screen.

    The next screen is the last screen. It features another small animation
    that i will not spoil and tell you about. This is easily the best
    screen of the whole demo and has a fantastic chip tune playing alongside
    two vertical colour rasters and a different kind of star field. It
    also contains wobbly text on various matters.

    There has been a reset screen included and this tells who coded
    the various screens. Also a lined NT (along with shadow) and one
    ball rotate around the screen. The screen is very basic but again the
    music is very good.

    The New Trend state that they use no ripped music, code or graphics and
    you have to admire them for that. Unfortunately they have only managed
    to bring out a very small and very boring demo. They say that they
    pride themselves on being original and i have to give them that. But
    the screens are very lame and boring and the only really decent part of
    the demo has to be the two animation sequences, and these are not
    brilliant. The chip music is fantastic but i get the impression that
    the coder's did'nt spend as much time as the musicians did on this
    creation. It all seems to have been slapped together very quickly and even
    in the bootsector there is a message saying that they don't mind anybody
    ripping there code.

    If this is an STE only demo then i can't see why. There were no
    suggestions of enhanced colours, blitter chip operations or stereo sampled
    sound in any part of the demo. Perhaps it just did not wish to work
    on my tos 1.2 STFM.

    Conclusion is that this demo should be avoided. It's very lame and will
    quickly bore the average demo freak. I feel sorry for the musicians who
    have created some lovely tunes that will not get recognised through
    the poor efforts of the coders. Congrat's go to the sound men and big
    boo's go to the coder's. Perhaps there next creation will be better.

    Dizzy of the D.B.A.

