TO D.B.A.

 CLAN
 YLIOPPILAANKATU 1 D 46
 33720 TRE
 FINLAND


        Yo D.B.A.!

   Thanx for your magazine. It was great (as usual). Your interview
   didn't work so I couldn't send it to you.Instead I sent the old
   interview answers.
   Suggestions:

1    In interviews you should tell people not to make answers like
     'too many to mention' etc. it's pissing to read comments like
     that in every interview

2    Drop your 'Change music' away and replace it with nonstop music
     mixed from several musax

3    If you want to make a superb maggie then think this:
                    The articles would look better if there were 
     pictures among them( pics about the subject)

4    Fullscreen if possible!

5    Make competitions for artists, coders, composers. In every mag
     choose the best article and give a price to the author.

6    Try to make something to everybody( e.g. I've made an article
     about snowboarding !)


      That's all for now. Now don't get pissed with these suggestions
    

      As I mentioned I wrote some articles about snowboarding. I would
     like to write something about snowboarding in every issue.
               ( Snowboarding corner ??? )

       I've made you some questions for your interview.(D_B_A.txt)        
       I hope you like'em.You can use them or just rip some of them.

                                   Please send your latest mag 
                                   my latest is no: 6

                         Maniac of Clan


     PS. Thanx for greets...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks for your suggestions and your article on snowboarding.
Now for some answers on your questions ( I show this in this magazine
because there are more people with the same questions/remarks ).

1 I totally agree, lets hope that the readers will take note.....

2 We made the system this way, because you can choose yourself which song
  you want hear or if you want to hear totally nothing at all !
  There are already ideas about the music's and the pictures, so maybe there
  will be some new features in the future !???

3 To be honest it has proven to be very difficult to find the right pictures
  with the subjects( the scanner can not scan every picture that good ).
  The picture displayer was a last moment feature and there was not much
  time left to do more pictures !

4 I will not say that we can't do it in technical terms but there are some
  things that must be taken in consideration first.....

  The magazine must stay compatible with all machines including the Atari
  TT computer !!

  All those features are nice but they increase the chance of getting nasty
  bugs( to say it clear and simple : the magazine gets more unreliable ) !
  
  A lot of features must be dropped or changed in the text displayer.

  What's wrong anyway with the way that we display the text, we are not
  planning to show everything we can do as long there isn't any other mag.
  that is coming close.

5 First, do you send us some prices to give away ?
  Second, People are to lazy to enter competition without the chance of
  winning a Atari TT with laser printer.
  We know because there are only a view people who make our puzzle ( where
  is your entry ? ).  

6 Do you mean that we don't have enough topics in the magazine ?
  There are so many different subjects that it is inpossible to do articles
  about all of them.
  I don't have a clue about snowboarding so don't expect me to write about
  it, we only write about we know(?) !
  Don't forget we are a computer magazine !

Thanks for the interview questions, maybe we use them.........

                        Slimer of the magazine team
