WRITING ARTICLES
~ARKA.FIL~
                    ________________
                   |WRITING ARTICLES|
                    ----------------
            by N.R.T.H. from the Admirables

Right now,I'm very angry.Why ??? Let me tell you what happened this sunday
afternoon:
Like almost each days,I went to Cyril's,one of my best friend,we did many
things and I decided to come back home because I wanted to be alone,to 
have some quiet and calm time,to write an article for the mag.
So I arrived early at my house,and I was loading Word Plus when the bell
rang.It was a guy who gave me some weeks before some disks where I had to
copy him a game I can't remember the name.He asked me if his disks were
ready,and I answered no,I didn't have the game he wanted.He replied that
he didn't really care and he entered (I didn't let him do it,he almost 
pushed me !!!).He went to my room,and I had to load a game for him to 
play.He stayed two hours,I couldn't neither write articles nor do 
something else than computer,it pisses me off terribly (excuse me for my
bad language but I have to show you which way this guy made me feel!!).

O.k.,is there something common with this article you may ask ??? 
No,it was to explain you in which state of mind I was right now.Let's
start really:

Writing an article for a famous disk magazine is a good way to see some 
of his work released in an important production.But when the time comes
to write down something,the inspiration flies thousand miles away.It 
always happens like that.First find an idea,which kind of subject do you
want to talk about(computers,music ...),will you do a review,a talk text
or what ???? Did you get something ??

Then,keep in mind your article's going to be read by some readers who 
probably have more knowledges than you in the universal language that is
the english.You'll have to be very carefull,to look for any little errors,
grammatical mistakes,lame sentences ... Try to write an article with a 
dictionnary near you,it does help.

The second main principal thing is the length of your text-file,for 
example have a look at articles by Richard Karsmakers in St News and ones
by Def KLF from Mad Vision in Amazine !!! Where're the differences ??? 
(you can also do it for english vocabulary ...).
A good article has to be long,if each articles are 1 page long I think the
menu of your mag won't contain each titles,see what I mean ??? (it's not
to clear according to me,who cares ??? ).
This one is a bad example of it,but how can I talk about articles in a 
big one ??? It's an impossible mission.

A very important quality that an article writer must own is the capacity
to write,to "waste" some lines when he has nothing more to add,I guess
it's the case now.

Contact me,you'll find my address in some other articles.

Bye,

  Thomas.

And remember,write articles for disk-mags and read them !!!
~GREY.PAL~ 
