A FEW CD REVIEWS

A few CD reviews by Paul H. (So know you know incase you want to 
quit.)

First of all here is a new CD by Mr. Eric Clapton...

(I should point out that this is my dad's, here is a big E.C. FAN 
(yes a FAN, not a fan.), and this is not mine, although I do like 
some  of the stuff he has done...)

Title:  Unplugged
Artist: Eric Clapton

For those of you who don't have any sort of satalite/cable 
television installed, there is a show that Mtv do called "unplugged" 
where artists come on and do a set with no electrical instruments 
(ie acoustic), and this is a live recording of E.C's "unplugged" 
show.

There's not really much you can say about this, it's a fourteen 
track (61 minute) live acoustic album where the man (and the band!) 
playsome of his own tunes and a few cover versions, and is of no 
real value to anyone unless you happen to be a Clapton fan, or if 
you like live or acoustic albums.

Then again, if you are into anything like the Cowboy Junkies (have 
you heard of 'em?), then this will suit you down to the ground, and 
the re-arranged version of Layla is, very good, but not worth the CD 
alone.  (Although some of the other songs are very good, particulaly 
Running on faith, Before you accuse me, Tears in heaven and Old 
love.)

The bottom line is, this is Eric Clapton, and people either like him 
or loathe him.

     Rating:  6.9             Sound quality: 8.7 (DDD very good and 
                                                 as clear as crystal)

The next CD is one of those CD's, yes it's (once again!) a guitar 
instumental album, arn't you happy!

This has been out for about six months, but I've had trouble getting 
a copy of it until now...

Title:  Guitar that rule the world
Artist: Various

This features some of the most famous guitarist in the world, 
although not Vai or Satriani, oh well...  Some of the people that 
are on this cd are:

     Richie Sambora (Bon Jovi)
     Yngwie Malmsteen
     Nuno Bettencourt (Extreme)
     Paul Gilbert (Mr Big)
     Richie Kotzen (Poison)
     Zakk Wylde (Ozzy Osbourne band on No more tears)
     Earl Slick

and six other (possably less well known) axe masters, that makes a 
total of thirteen tracks before you ty and count 'em.  (With a 
running time that I can't remember at the moment, and I'm to 
laxzy to check it)

This album has some pretty good guitar twisting finger melting 
tracks along with a few slightly slower ones, and even a bit of 
humor on the Zakk Wylde track, I can't be certian but I think about 
eight of the tracks are recorded for this compilation with only 
tossers like Malmsteen sending in older tracks, but you can't expect 
EVERTHING can you?

The average length of a track is about four and a half minutes which 
is quite respectable considering the lack of vocals, and I think 
that this will inspire me to check out some of the other guitarist's 
I hadn't heard of before, which must be a good thing.

     Rating:  8                    Sound quality: 7 (AAD, but it 
                                   sounds okay, honest!)

Wow, I've actually spent out on a NEW CD, continue fearless reader...

Title:  America's least wanted
Artist: Ugly kid joe

The first album by the (geting quite successful) middle class 
American brat's, and it's very enjoyable (shock!).  It has the 
current single "Neighbor" (which is getting a fair bit of play on 
MTV at the moment), and the first single "Everthing about you", 
along with eleven other tracks (including a cover version of Cats in 
the cradle, which is excellant) and takes the running time up to 
about sixty minutes.

UKJ are a new band, and while they don't even pretend to be 
inovative, they do play a very infectous brand of (mostly) 
mainstream rock, with some cooking guitar licks and wicked rythems, 
which I do find most plesant.  A rock album for the masses if ever 
they was one.

Party on duude!

     Rating:  8.5

In the last issue I did a review of the latest Joe Satriani album 
(The Extremist, incase you forget), and now here is a review of the 
album released before that, which I mentioned at the end of the 
Extremist review...
( This interview is now in this submenu, due to some mail delivery problems
  we didn't recieve it, RED. )

Title:  Flying in a blue dream
Artist: Joe Satriani (A.K.A. THE guitar god)

This was released in 1989, so my review is a bit (okay, a LOT) late, 
but I don't care, this 18 track 65 minute long album features much 
guitar trickery, wether it's on fast tracks, or slow tracks, all the 
guitar playing is of an excelance all to few artists achieve.

If you remember the Extremist review, I said that this album has 
lyrics on it, and therefore it gets a higher mark, this is true, but 
I hope I didn't give the impression that every track has lrics on 
it. The truth is, only 6 (out of 18) tracks have lyrics, but this is 
enough to elivate this album above all others.  And lets face it, 
with the amount of guitar soloing there is, not every track needs 
lyrics.

This is the perfect guitar album, get it or miss out.  And even if 
your not normaly a fan of guitar albums, try it out, you may find 
some things you'll like.

     Rating: (like I said before...) 10

Title:  Temple of the dog
Artist: Temple of the dog

Here is an album that has been re-released recently (August '92), 
and it's quite good, so I thought I'd better review it...

Temple of the dog are made up of various members from two of the 
best metal groups to come out of America in ages, namely Soundgarden 
and Pearl Jam, the guy's who make up TOTG are Matt Cameron, Mike 
McCready, Stone Gossard, Jeff Ament and Chris Cornell.

This album was origionaly release in 1991 and was recorded a tribute 
to a mutual friend of theirs called Andrew Wood, who O.D.'ed on 
drugs a couple of years ago (on the eve of his groups first major 
lable record release, that group was Mother love bone and the album 
was called Apple.  For more information see the review of the 
re-released version in the next issue).

Having members of Soundgarden and Pearl Jam involved, the sound of 
TOTD is very pleasing to this guy's ear, the rythm and lead guitars 
create one of the best sounds I've heard in a long time.

The best way of describing this is to use a bit of the sleve notes, 
it goes something like this...

     10 songs. Spontanious. Creation. Emotion. Very pleasing. Real 
     music. No analyzing. No preasure. No hype. Just music to make 
     music. Friends and a reason. Chemistry. Beauty.

This is my favorite album of the moment, if you are into the kind 
of "Seattle" scene at the moment, there is no way you should miss 
this.

     Rating: 10


Artist: Was (Not Was)
Title : Hello. dad... I'm in jail

This is not an album of new material by the Was brothers, instead
it's supposed to serve as an introduction to Was (Not Was), and has
been released in England to coincide with their opening slot on the
present Dire Straits tour.  As such it contains tracks with origins
dating back to 1987 (and maybe before!) which have, in most cases
have been remixed or re-recorded.

Although it's not a greatest hits album, it does feature their
previous "hit" singles "Papa was a rolling stone", "Spy in the house
of love", "I feel better than James Brown", "Out come the freaks",
and "Walk the dinosaur", along with seven other tracks to take the
playing time up to just under sixty four minutes.

If you are familiar with the Was (Not Was) sound, there will be no
big surprises on this album, if however, you've missed out on the
Was's songs, the two most recent charting songs they've had (in
England) are "Listen like thieves", a cover of the INXS song, and
more recently "Shake your head", with Ozzy Osbourne and Kim Basinger
on vocals.

Was (Not Was) have a sound which is difficult to describe, mainly the
term "dance" fits very well, with a good use of samples and an
occasional hint of rap and a tinge of rock.  As with any sort of
music, especially if it's difficult to put a label on it, if you like
it or not, is all down to personal taste, and even though I'm a
confirmed metal-head, "Hello, dad... I'm in jail" is one of my
favourite albums of the year, whether you think that is a good
recommendation or not, is up to you.

Rating:  8 out of 10


Next on the list...


Artist: Tony MacAlpine
Title : Freedom to fly

Okay, so this plays on my weakness, guitar instrumental albums, (oh
f***, not another one!), but this is different from the normal
hyper-speed-eight-finger-fret-shreading technique.  Here is another
guitarist (like Steve Vai & Joe Satriani) that has an excellent FEEL
and EMOTION for guitar soloing, and never turns it into a display of
how fast it is possible to play the guitar

With ten tracks totalling forty three minutes, this is not a long
album by any stretch of the imagination, although it is longer than
other guitar albums that are completely without any vocals (such as
the fist two Satriani albums).  There are even (shock!) two heavily
piano based tracks, and (double shock!!) a classical piano piece
(being Chopin's Etude #2 Opus #25, if that means anything to you!),
thank god it's only a minute and a half long!

Well, it's another instrumental album to add to the pile, and being a
very good example of guitar playing, it should help bridge the gap
until the next Joe Satriani album.

Rating:  7.5 out of 10


Which unfortunately, turns out not to be very long, eight days to be
exact...


So, as fortold, here is a review of the new Joe Satriani album.  (On
it's day of release, 'coz I'm a FAN, and FAN's often get wet when they
have to push-bike six miles into town and back.  A bit like what I
just have.  Sometimes I think that it's not really worth being a FAN.)

Anyway, after my tale of sadness and rainstorms, here's the review...

Artist:  Joe Satriani (As if you havn't guessed already)
Title :  The Extremist

Yeah, a new album by (one of the few) guitar god's.  This is the
fourth JS album outing (Dreaming No. 11 was an E.P, I think), and
see's a split from his previous label, Food For Thought, to
Relativity Records.  (Who knows why, and I'm not even sure why I put
that in, 'coz it's not important really.)  After his lyrics/singing
on Flying in a blue dream, it seemed that a vocal performance was
going to be a regular thing, this is painfully untrue, and The
Extremist is a(nother) instrumental album, but if he didn't feel
like writing lyrics, who's going to  argue?  Even with no lyrics to
provide, err, more substance, this is still a 47 minute venerable
virtuoso display of guitar playing at it's best.

The tracks are the usual mixture of slow passionate riffing mid paced
passionate riffing and faster passionate riffing, (not a very good
description really is it?  Oh well.), occasionally with the odd part
of interweaved banjo and harmonica.

The conclusion...

Being a FAN, I'm hardly going to say it's shit, (and as I'm a FAN, I
like it a lot, but I am very biased), but the lack of vocals is a bad
thing, lacking vocals is the CD's greatest fault as without them it is
just another instrumental album, of which there are too many, even if
this is a good example of one.  For that reason alone I must say that
unless you are a FAN (or even a fan), you could be better of buying
Flying in a blue dream,which has plenty of vocals and is therefore
more interesting.  On the other hand if you are a fan (or even a FAN),
then the chances are you've already brought this so I'm not telling
you anything new...

Rating:  8 out of 10

Next please...


Artist : Slayer
Title  : Decade of aggression (Live double CD)
         (The Jap import with two extra tracks, and Jap/English
         lyric booklet.)

As I will be seeing them in six days time at Donnington, I thought
I'd better have an album by them, and this was available for the same
price as the normal english version.

Like I said this is the first Slayer album I have, although I did
listen to a track or two of theirs few years ago, but that was
before I started to get into metal,  needless to say I didn't think
much of it.  So with trepidation, he puts on the first CD and...

A bit of nondescript crowd cheering for a minute and a half, and
then the real fun starts... Some good rythms (which are quite
up tempo!) with the guitars and drums, some seriously good
headbanging for a minute or so, then the lyrics start.  Oops, well I
suppose we all make mistakes, to say they are fast and
hard to understand is an understatement.  With the aid of the lyric
booklet, I can just about keep up with it, but it's difficult work,
definitely not the sort of thing you want to try and relax to.

If this of any interest to any Slayer fans out there, this is the
running order :

          Disk One (Recorded at Lakeland, Florida, USA.  13/7/91)

     Hell Awaits
     The Antichrist
     War Ensemble
     South Of Heaven
     Raining Blood
     Altar Of Sacrifice
     Jesus Saves
     Dead Skin Mask
     Seasons In The Abyss
     Mandatory Suicide
     Angel Of Death

          Disk Two (Recorded at Wembley, London, England.  14/10/90)

     Hallowed Point
     Blood Red
     Die By The Sword
     Black Magic
     Born Of Fire
     Skeletons Of Society (*)
     At Dawn They Sleep (*)
     Postmortem
     Spirit In Black
     Expendable Youth
     Chemical Warfare

     (*) Extra Tracks

     Total Playing time of both disks : 99 minutes, 46 seconds

What do I think of it?  Well, Slayer don't really seem to be my sort
of thing, at the moment, a bit to fast, and a bit to aggressive.
Although, in it's favour, it grows on you, already after a few
listenings I'm getting more into it.  Maybe I'll keep it after all.
(As opposed to selling it like I planned after listening to it once!
Hell, it's worth keeping for the guitar playing.)

Rating : 7 out of 10 (At the moment, maybe 8 out of 10 sometime soon!)

Sound quality : Well, it's live, what do you expect. (No overdubs!)


I don't think there will be as many CD or even Lynx reviews over the 
next few issues (from me atleast), 'coz I'm trying to save up for 
next years holiday, and a Falcon, and a car, etc, etc


fIN.  Paul H.
