SATRIANI INTERVIEW

SATRIANI INTERVIEW

This was featured in the issue of Kerrang! number 403, cover dated
1st August 1992, and is an interview with Joe Satriani by Steffan
Chirazi.

"I called my management company, spoke to Kevin Burnes because I've
known him for years, and told him that was it.  I wasn't gonna play
guitar any more."

Ever?

"Ever again."

Bloody hell.  Joe Satriani's telling me that he nearly put down the
guitar for good.  Satriani without a guitar?  Probably hasn't
happened since his eighth week on the Earth.  I mean, why not take
off all your clothes and run down the street screaming?  It'd be
easier to handle.
He laughs at my shock.  Joe Satriani's a quiet man who doesn't give a
whole lot away about himself, so when he ever-so-quietly states that
he nearly stuffed the six strings away for good, then it's time for
questions.
C'mon, Joe Satriani is pretty much a living guitar...which leaves us
talking about a man contemplating suicide.  All of this happened
during the making os Satriani's fourth full-length LP, "The
Extremist".  It's his first solo album without Stu Hamm on bass, and
marks the first time Satriani the solo artist has used a proper
"band" rhythm section.  He has enlisted Matt and Greg Bissonette,
both of whom are best known for their David Lee Roth endeavours.
Satriani also managed to land himself a deal with Sony Music, this
time for a band project.  This project. he says, will take more time,
as: "I cannot find one frontman I like".

"The Extremist" sounds a whole lot more focused, less dreamy, more
pointed.

"The whole concept of the record started doing the last tour.  I'd
have all these ideas, and write on the road during soundchecks and in
hotel rooms.  So the album has that sort of motion to it, the
touring-travelling-writing motion.  At the same time, I wanted to try
and capture spontaneity in the composition, to capture the feel or
colour of spontaneity.  The first time we started on the record, that
wasn't happening.  We weren't getting those results."

Indeed the history of "The Extremist" is a long one which we'll
venture into.  First of all, when it comes to looking for "vibes", I
would imagine Joe Satriani's the sort who wants to chase the colours
of a rainbow, who wants the impossible.

"Not at all, because the perfect example of that is the album's title
track, which has so much stuff in it now.  Before, when it was just
my "vision", it was simple. yet still not clicking.  It was one of
those songs that in Bearsville (the initial choice of studio) I just
couldn't get my point across."

One point that did become clear to Satriani, Even before Bearsville,
was that it was time for he and Hamm to break away from each other.
Not a bitter thing, just a logical move for both.

"It was fitting that the last gig we played had the blending that we
as musicians had worked so hard to achieve.  There were times when Stu
and I had trouble getting our points across to each other because we
came from such different places.  That was sometimes a violent thing
and it made for great shows.  We'd have to get ready to spar with
each other, and live the songs worked that stuff out wonderfully.
But in the studio it was getting increasingly difficult for us to
agree on how things should be done.  I was looking for more
traditional sounds (from the rhythm section), played with an energy
that hasn't always been applied to my music."

I ask Satriani whether he's ever encountered baffled looks from his
peers.  Most people don't see music like Joe does.

"That maybe why I've had a hard time finding people I could record
with.  Which is why the earlier records where just me trying all
these instruments I'd never really practiced before, because it was
easier than trying to get a trained player to understand what I
really wanted.  In Bearsville, I was so far away from what I wanted.
I couldn't figure out what it was, and why that vibe was never there.
The people I had working with me gave great performances, but the
vibe just wasn't there.  Pretty much every musician I've worked with
has been technically excellent, but if they arn't where I am
conceptually, it won't work.  For me it's really simple.  If I don't
get off when we're recording a song like I did when I thought of it
and wrote it, then the fantasy's destroyed.  I'll never change my
attitude about that.  It's no fun to me to spend days patching
something together.  The fun to me is on hearing a playback and
knowing, "man, that's the one"."

The Bissonette brothers, in most people's eyes, wouldn't be the
automatic choice for Satriani' band.  Both have the appearance of
being loud, rude, gaudy rockers, something that working with Diamond
Dave might have helped instill.

"One thing I learned about auditions happened when I was sitting in
on the ones for Mick Jagger's band last summer.  Mick said he just
didn't find the drummer, and it had nothing to do with talent, it was
vibe. And when I was auditioning, it was weird, because some guys
would be great with the "pounding" stuff like "Motorcycle Driver",
and other guys would be great with the less direct songs but flounder
wildly with the hard ones.  Then the guy from Love/Hate, Skid, came
in, and he was excellent..."

He auditioned for you?

"Well, yeah, but only to do the album.  That would've been it.  But
in the end that didn't work out, and it was actually Steve Vai who
mentioned to me how great the Bissonettes were to work with.  It was
really cool when they came in - they had the attitude of fun, they
were cool.  The vibe was great, there weren't any weird "chops" just
to prove themselves.  Then once Andy Johns came into things..."

Yes, producer Andy Johns was the one who milked it all out of
Satriani in the end.  Sometimes the combination was fiery, but what
the hell, it worked.

"The two of us were an odd couple.  We're both pretty moody people.
For me, if there's a problem in the studio, I sit down and try to
work it all out within myself.  When one of us was up, the other was
down.  He had a hard time sometimes, working out what the hell I was
thinking, what I was up to.  We had some great arguments and great
agreements.  All in all, it was a great link-up."

I ask him what the hardest time of recording was.  He explains the
time when he nearly jacked it all in.

"There was complete silence when I told Kevin Byrnes how angry I was.
I'd never felt so angry with an instrument in all my life.  I was
about to put a solo down onto "Rubina's Blue Sky Happiness" and we
were suffering technical problems you wouldn't believe - buzzes, hums,
all sorts of shit.  Suddenly I realised I was about to play on a song
that is supposed to be a very beautiful experience for me, yet all I
wanted to do was tear down the studio and burn ever piece of
equipment in it.  Professionals work though that type of stuff, but
it was to personal to be professional.  Kevins reaction was the right
one.  He just simply said, "Okay, you should".  It was the best
answer because I needed someone else to say that stuff to.  I
couldn't believe how down I was, how dark I was, how I was about to
part in the difilement of my new babies.  I knew that I could only
record beautiful songs with the right mood.  Otherwise all my
theories about capturing mood and emotion in songs would be wrong.
It's got to be done when it's ready to be done."

Don't ever let it be said that "The Extremist" lacks passion.  Quite
simply he's stuffed full of it.

That's the end, hope you found it interesting...

fIN.  Paul Holst
