DONNINGTON ROCKS

DONNINGTON ROCKS

This is a article about the annual Monsters of Rock concert at
Donnington in England, which this year attracted about 70,000 to
75,000 people.  So if your not interested in reading about Britian's
premier rock event, please do quit now and choose another article.

This year see's a return to having six bands on the bill, as apposed
to five in the past two years, which presents a much better deal for
the paying punter.  (There are also somewhere in the region of a few
thousand "guest's" with free entry and backstage passes etc.)  The
line up this year has the following bands making an appearance

     Almighty
     W.A.S.P.
     Slayer
     Thunder
     Skid Row
     Iron Maiden

For me this is the best line up that I have been to, although I've
only been to two others ('90 and '91), and both times I went more for
the experience and the day out as opposed to really wanting to see
the bands on offer.  (Apart from Metallica last year!)  But this year
I am interested in seeing the top three/four bands, and this added to
the fact that I am going with some friends instead of a coach trip,
sounds very promising

The above was written few day's in advance, the following is written
after my return...

Wow, what a day, WHAT A DAY!  I doubt I shall ever go to a concert I
will enjoy more.  Okay, the full story is as follows...

After waking up at 7:40 (an early time for me on a saturday!), and
riding (push bike!) to a friends a mile or so away, we walked to the
pick up point and waited for the mini-bus to arrive.  And we waited,
and waited, and waited, eventually thirty minutes later when it
arrived we discovered that it was bloody small (especially if you
have long legs) and that most of the spaces where taken.  After a few
minutes of asking people to please move there bags onto the floor we
set off, two hours of fairly boring journey time (the highlight was
someone rolling a spliff) we arrived and joined the crowd queueing to
get in, which didn't take to long as there are nine entrance/exit
points situated around the circuit.  (Do you know that the site it's
on is a race track for 500  GP motorbikes, and is also the home of
Donnington castle, interesting huh?)

As we are entering the site, people stand around thrusting
advertising flyers at you, the only one I still have is for a new
Metallica video due out in November.  It contains footage from
Donnington '91, Russia, Freddie Mercury tribute, the US Grammy awards
with promo video's and interviews, sounds like I could be getting a
copy.  After buying some T-shirts and other concert merchandise (or
should that be conned out of money?) and waiting around for two and a
half hours the first band was on, which just happened to be...

     The Almighty (incase you'd forgotten the list already)

In truth, I know nothing about The Almighty, apart from the fact that
lead singer/rythm guitarist Ricky Warwick is married to the MTV's
presenter of Headbangers ball, Venessa (if that's how you spell it)
Warwick.  They also have two albums out ("Blood, Fire and Love", and
Soul Destruction") and Ricky is good at singing songs about his cock
(his own statement!).  This is proved by the way he changed a line in
the song "Wild and wonderful" into "Wild and and eat my come", now I
bet THAT didn't get broadcast on radio!  But how did they perform on
the day?  Well not having the studio albums to judge it by, it was
quite good in an okay sort of way.  Marks out of ten, six.  But what
more do you expect from the opening band?

So, I wait around a bit, visit the loo, wait a bit more and the next
band are on, enter...

     W.A.S.P. (Do you really want to know that WASP stands for We Are
               Sexual Perverts?  No?  Then don't bother reading this
               bit)

So, I know even less about WASP than the last group, even so I must
have an opinion on how they played.  Not to bad really (ie, quite
okay), they made a few speeches about there long absence and how nice
it is to play in England again, there where some nice guitar licks,
but do you know how hard it is to make sense of words at a concert
unless you already know them?  For a fast metal band it's not very
easy, even so WASP's set is quite enjoyable and there is quite a bit
of moshing going on down the front.  Marks out of ten, five and a
half. (I'm feeling in a mean mood...)

During the next set change I wander around some of the other stalls
and pick up a metal wear brochure, hmmm, some nice stuff in it, walk
back to where the rest of the folks are, wait a bit (again) and
eventually the stage is taken (where?) by...

     Slayer (And it's also time for me to watch headbangers ball,
             I'll be back right after this break...)

The opening tape is one of the few bits of music I manage to
regognise, apart from a few choruses and one or two verses, although
I can't make any sense of the singing, the music is damn good.(The
guitar playing is very good, just about identical to the live
album, se the CD review section).  I enjoyed the set quite a lot, and
so did the people at the front of the stage, there was quite a big
mosh pit going by the time they finished.  Marks out of ten, seven
for the music and the mosh pit.

After the fast frash foursome leave the stage I wonder of to get
some food (southern fried chicken, very nice!), after that I try to
get one of things from the metal wear stall, but they are sold out
of what I want, oh well.  As I get back to the other guys (and a
girl!) (via the loo, again!), the next band start up...

     Thunder

Making there second appearance in three years at Donnington Thunder
are quite high up the bill for a still quite young band, and it's a
shame that there new album (Laughing on judgement day) is released
AFTER the event, maybe then they would have played a few more songs
of it.  Even the set they do is still very good, with some of the
best songs of Backstreet symphony mixed with about three/four  new
tracks, to be honest I can't remember much about Thunder's set,
maybe I went for another walk about, but what i remember was very
enjoyable, probably the third best of the day (I wonder who where
first and second...?).  Marks out of ten, eight (for what I remember!)

After a unsuccessful walk around all the Donnington merchandise
stall's trying to find somewhere that still had the Skid Row T-shirt
I wanted , I returned to the designated place and waited for the
same group to start on stage...

     Skid Row

The American boy's did good and played a stormer of a set easily
beating the previous acts, with Seb (Sebastian Bach, the singer you
fool!) interrupting a lot and making comments about the fuckin' good
time he was having and various other speeches about the fuckin nut's
english crowd and other subjects to numerous to mention.  This
didn't have any affect on the rest of the group (I should think they
get used to it) and it only served to make the crowd more and more
active, they didn't play as may songs of Slave to the grind as I
would have liked (I think it's much better than Skid Row (the first
album)), but it was very enjoyable and I think the crowd reacted
more than they did to Iron Maiden, especially to Get the fuck out and
the final encore song Youth gone wild, and boy did everyone go wild
or what.(Not forgetting the first two bars of Enter Sandman that
slipped in somewhere.)  What else can I say, fuckin' excellent, when
are they coming back?

While the set was being changed we moved to a more central
position, to get a better view of the stage, and after what seemed
like a very short wait, the headlines appeared...

     IRON MAIDEN

The original plan was for me to take a small pad of paper and a
pen, so I could write down what songs they did, unfortunately in the
early morning rush, I forgot all about it, oh well.  Anyway they
played fucking well, needless to say they where the best act of the
day, and my neck still hasn't stopped hurting from all the
headbanging I was doing (quite a lot!).  Here is a list of SOME of
the songs they played, I think there must be at least five that I
havn't put down, but I was really to busy to try and remember every
song, or the order they where played in.  (Be quick or be dead was
the first, and The trooper/Iron Maiden/Run to the hills made up part
of the encore's)

     The assassin
     The trooper
     Number of the beast
     Fear of the dark
     Bring your daughter to the slaughter
     Afraid to shoot strangers
     Be quick or be dead
     Wasting love (I think, maybe not...)
     Can I play with madness
     Iron maiden
     Tail gunner
     Sanctuary
     Wrathchild
     Run to the hills
     Two minutes to midnight
     Heaven can wait
     Hallowed be thy name

     And what ever other songs to take the time up to two hours.

Also we where told that the show was being recorded for "the
definitive Iron Maiden video", at which point he asked (Bruce
Dickinson, that is) asked the crowd to go ape shit for thirty
seconds while the camera panned around them, did we cooperate or
what, even the people who knew they weren't in range went nuts (us
included).  The whole band where very active on stage and one of the
guitarists climbed on the speaker stacks and started thrashing his
guitar on it,       it was GOOD.  If I ever go to a better show it
will probably involve Iron Maiden at Donnington in the future.

They stopped playing about 10:30, and then the fireworks started,
they where quite nice as well, the only drawback, getting out of the
car park, it took over four hours to get back, but that is a small
price to pay.

Lookout for the next concert review, which should be in the issue
that is out about December time, it will be Metallica at the
Birmingham N.E.C. (which is the National Exhibition Centre).

This was an (Iron Maiden) enthusiastic text by

fIN. Paul H.
