LAMER TEXT

Hello this is O.T.M. behind the board. 
I was really pissed of, because I had to work a lamer out
of the house. But now I'm okay, and I decided to let you
all out there know how to prevent that a lamer likes you, 
and comes to your house. 

First I will tell you how to recognize a lamer.


1. 
First of all listen to your real friends if you have them.
If they say somebody is a lamer, then watch out for him, because 
some day he may come to you and say: "Hi I am ....., Do you have
many games, I have!" Then you are in really deep shit.

2. 
A lamer will always come to your house, because he probably doesn't
want you to see his software. 

3.
A lamer always wants your software, and in most of the times he 
will not give you the software you want. 

4. 
When a lamer has met you, he will always drop by once in a week 
to see if you have new software. 

5. 
A lamer always wants to copy at his place, and he wants that to 
do that alone. 

6. 
A lamer will spread new software to his friends as fast as he can, 
and he will do that before you can. And what is the worst, he 
also claims all the credits.

7.
A lamer is never satisfied. He always wants more software. 

8. 
You can always find a lamer near an Amiga.

9. 
A lamer is not very clever. He doesn't know to much about 
computers. 

10. 
A lamer always wants to get want he want, and he will not rest, 
before he gots it. 


Those are my ten golden anti lamer-rules.

If a lamer has contacted you, and he doesn't leave you  alone,
then you can do these things to prevent that he will come to 
often. 

1. 
Make your desk clear from disks, because a lamer will always 
check them for software that he doesn't have. 

2. 
Don't let him come into the house.

3.
Don't let him know you have new software. 

4. 
Give all your friends your new software first, before you give 
the lamer your new software. 

5. 
Let all your friends know that the lamer has contacted you, because then
they know what to expect if he calls them to say he has new software.


How to get rid of a lamer.

1. 
You give him a disk with a program on it which will blow up 
his computer. If you choose this option, make the program 
powerfull enough to let him blast away for twenty metres. 

2.
Let him watch: "Goede tijden Slechte tijden" ( a Dutch soap serie )

3. 
Plant some explosifes in his computer when he is not watching 
for a moment. and then just wait.

4.
Let him think for a while. He is not very clever, so you can let 
him think by saying 36 to him just when he leaves for his home. 
This option will let the lamer leave you alone for a few days. 

5. 
You can put some bear-traps in front of your door.

As far as I am concerned, every lamer can walk to hell. Well maybe
that is going a bit to far. Maybe it is better for them then to
be blown to hell. It doesn't matter much, as long as they go to 
hell. 


Well I think I am all right now. So have many luck keeping the 
lamers away from you.


O.T.M. out.

