A DAYS WORK.

OR JUST PISSED OFF

Yeeeeh, well i think you know already who is writing this article ??? 
No, you are kidding me, well okay it's Bonus letting his heart out 
after an working day that was as boring as it could be. OK, i'm
really pissed off as i am writing this piece, but what else have i got 
to do. Yeah, i made a few changes in the diskmagazine main program, left 
out the raster colors, made some new pictures and that kind of stuff. 
I watched a bit television, also boring, so i went back to the old 
silicon keyboard better known as a computer. So now i am sitting here 
typing this text and think about what to do.....

So i called our own PR man, Slimer. You must know as soon as i call 
him the conversation costs me atleast 30 minuts. So this one won't be 
an exception. So i call him, luckely he is home. We talk about lots of 
things mainly this version of the diskmagazine. He is just reviewing 
some new speaker sets he received from his local hifi center to test. 
It's already the third pair of speakers this week he is testing, am i  
happy to say that we aren't neighbours. So if everything is alright 
there will be a massive speaker review in the hifi corner. After that 
we spoke about the coming meeting in Eindhoven, held on the 24 till 26 
Januari. We hope to see some new and hot hardware there so we can 
review it again. Last time we went to a meeting, called HCC dagen, we 
had losts of copies made from the first diskmagazine. There where a 
lot of people that didn't received a copy. We know now for sure that 
many people got a version cause it is also spreading around on 
bulletin boards all over the world.
And last but not least we spoke about the Just Fun part B, there is 
again a lot of programming done but it still isn't ready. You could 
ask yourself if it will be ready ever, but i asure you it will. So 
after this conversation, the text above is just a very small part of 
it, Slimer deceided to give Ecto 1 a call and i got back to this text.
 
So here i am back typing, it's 20:46 now, i think i will take a shower 
and get into bed. No no not to sleep, well not now, first i will watch 
a video movie i recoreded a few day's ago and then i think i will go 
sleeping.....

So i would say, get yourself another text to read an hasta la vista

                        Bonus Software calling offffffff.....


