BLOODY STORY !!

 
Hello here is a small story of O.T.M. If you think this has really 
happened then maybe it hasn't really happened, and if you think this
story didn't really happened then maybe it has. Can you follow me?
Aagh just read it!

It was just a saturday evening. My sister was away. My parents where
working. I was just sitting behind my ST writing this text. 

It was around eleven o' clock when I got a phone-call. I answered the 
phone. At the other side of the line I heard a deep, low, dark, bright,
small voice who said:" I am the man with the bleeding hand, and I am 
8 blocks away." I hung up the phone with a smile with the thought:
" Hmmmmmm nice joke"

I was coding again. The program didn't work. And when I runned it the 
computer crashed f**k *hi* and again *uc* s**t. And then.....
the phone rings again. Hmm? again, maybe I shouldn't answer it.
But it could be Albert or Herman. So I picked up the phone and then I
heard a terrifying voice that said " I am the man with the bloody hand,
and I am four blocks away from you!" I said:" Well yes and I am Lubbers "
(the Dutch prime minister.) The man said again:"You couldn't be, because
no one is as ugly as he is!" He hung up this time.

I called Herman. I said to him:" A joke is nice but not twice." Herman 
said:" What joke? in between it rhymed." So I said " Well okay let it 
be. Thank you." I hung up a bit pissed off.

When I hung up the phone it rang immediately. There whas that frightening 
voice again. " I am just 1 block away from you and I still have got a
bloody hand." He hung up.

At this time I got really frightened. I didn't know what to do. I couldn't
call the police because they would think I was going mad. So I decided
to get a knive out of the kitchen and just wait. 

I waited and waited. 

After half an hour the doorbell rang. I was in a bit of panic, but I
went to the front door, Switched on the lights and shouted: " Who is 
there? " and opened the door.

There stood the man with the bloody hand. He said:"I am the man with the 
bloody hand could I have a bandage from you?"


Believe it or not 

Text by O.T.M.
