GOSSIP GOSSIP
~SLIMER2.FIL~
(compiled by Greg)                       "If you want to make a lot of money
                                          and can't play any instrument, but
                                          you have a five-minute spare time;
                                          compose TECHNO!!!" - Greg


The German C-LAB (Communist Labour Party) company is planning the brand new
Atari Falcon clone; C-LAB Falcon MK III. According to reliable sources this
computer won't be a music-specific workstation, but it will be a really
awesome gaming machine including great software, e.g. F-16 Falcon flight-
simulator or Mortal Kombat III. fight-simulator.

There are fifty (!) brand new CD-game titles on the hottest Jaguar-release
list... till the year 2000... perhaps... maybe...

After that German Escom and a Russian company bought the failed Commodore,
they're working on the latest Amiga alias Lada 1300. The machine will have
TC (Two Colour) graphics, CD (Completely Damaged) quality sound and 4.17
wheels. So, they're back on the road again!!!

Because of Escom is totally unknown in the United States, they will export
thousands of old C-64 "computers" to China (with Chinese keyboards of
course). Unfortunately, the country of The Great Wall has just only one power
outlet, socket and plug... but never mind, there's still enough bicycles 
to make electricity...

Last week, Commodore has finished the Amiga 4000T model and bought the
licence of the song "Money for nothing" from Dire Straits for their
promotion.

Some say: "The Amiga lives!". Yes, perhaps there's life after death...

IBM (Idiot Business Machine) has finally changed its name to:
"I Bought Mac".

The release of Windows 95 - the Godzilla of operating systems - has delayed
more than eight months, because of the time-consuming production of the
biggest - 94.999 pages - handbook in history, called "How to freeze the new
Windows?".

Nickname for Microsoft's Windows 95: Macintosh 89.

Did you know that?
If you add the figures of the ASCII codes of "BILLGATES" then you'll
approximately get the number 666. That's the evidence that he's the Devil!!!

Bill Gates's mother is pregnant again! [Abort]/[Retry]

Greg / CGD ST
~GREY.PAL~