MINIMAG PART 2
~ORGANIC.FIL~

~TOP.BLK~

   LLLL    LLLL                       LLLL    LLLL
   LLLLL  LLLLL LLL LLLL  LLL LLL     LLLLL  LLLLL  LLLLLL   LLLLLL 
   LLLL LL LLLL LLL LLL L LLL LLL     LLLL LL LLLL LLL  LLL LLL LLL
   LLLL LL LLLL LLL LLL  LLLL LLL LLL LLLL LL LLLL LLLLLLLL LLL     
   LLLL LL LLLL LLL LLL   LLL LLL     LLLL LL LLLL LLL  LLL LLL LLLL 
   LLLL    LLLL LLL LLL   LLL LLL     LLLL    LLLL LLL  LLL LLLLLL
~TOP.BLK~
                     I   S   S   U   E      I   I 

And here we are again!!  Defying our critics,  curse them! May their souls 
rot in hell, and their first child be stillborn..

In  spite  of our requests for more reader input  and  'interaction',  you 
failed  to  rally  around,  so once more,  we're having to do the work  of 
writing this sad rag ourselves, don't say we didn't warn you..

(With  regards  to  the 'Reader Interaction' bit,  the deputy  editor  has 
finally  been released on police bail after being arrested trying  to  get 
into  the  private  residence of glamourous  Pamela  Baywatch,  36.24.36.. 
Charges  are  pending for attempted forced entry of both Pamela,  and  her 
house!)

EDITORIAL..

As  a somewhat dodgy long haired German with the initials M.S.  once said, 
"I didn't think we would make it as far as a second issue, Shit, I've just 
seen someone in the crowd that I owe money to! Gotta go!!!"

Well   we   are   writing  this   editorial   under   somewhat   difficult 
circumstances..  In a follow up to the worldwide newsprint paper shortage, 
that  is  pushing  up the price of paper mags,  we are now  faced  with  a 
magnetic  particle dust shortage..  Floppy disks will be affected with  an 
average  price  rise  of 0.025 pence per unit..  Worse still,  the  actual 
physical  data storage capacity of each individual disk will  be  directly 
affected by the acute shortage of magnetic particles..  henceforth,  until 
further notice,  all double sided 3.5 inch disks will become single sided, 
high  density disks will revert to 720k,  and this issue of DBA will  lose 
fifteen sectors, going down to 65 sectors from eighty..
 
I hope you won't mind the fact that some articles will go missi....

GAMES..

'The Sega Bollock Stunner'
This  new,  and  very  state  of the art console has attracted  a  lot  of 
attention,  not all of it necessarily favourable, since its launch earlier 
this  year..  "A sad reflection of a nation obsessed with bizarre forms of 
ritual suicide" (Computer and Video Games - Jan 1996..) 

"Sega  fails to grip testicles of Interactive Media  Edutainment  Playware 
Industry" (The Edge - Dec 1995..)

"Fifteen exciting things to do with those old used printer ribbons!" 
(ST-Format - June 1994..)

Without  the backing of the computer media giants,  can Sega truly succeed 
against the odds.. We evaluate their chances!

Firstly,  looking at the device itself, it is quite unlike any other, more 
conventional console design..  A plain box with two shallow grooves in the 
top,  no discernible controls or output ports,  no controllers attached to 
the box..

"What made this box special?" We asked Mr Phu Wotascorcha,the head of Sega 
Europe..

He  did not reply,  but simply took out his testicles,  laying them gently 
atop  the two shallow grooves in the box..  He gestured towards the  mains 
powerpoint where the machine was pluggged in..  "Quick,  switch it on!" He 
cried,  and instantly,  a loud sizzling crackle,  a puff of blue smoke,and 
several piercing sharp cries from Mr Wotascorcha followed very swiftly..

After thirty seconds or so,  he tumbled to the floor,  a smouldering heap, 
barely recognisable as a human being at all..    

"Just  teething  troubles!"  He  mumbled from  clenched  teeth,  but  this 
reporter  remained  sceptical..  Later  with  the  power  setting  reduced 
significantly, I was asked to have a go, we..(CONT on Page 96..)
 
DEMOS..

'Dangerous Office Job Nine CD'
The ultimate demo compilation compacted disk?  Frantic of Apricot and Luna 
certainly  thought  so..   Unfortunately,  it  was  entirely  made  up  of 
compilations  of  previous main menu screens from the other  eight  disks, 
plus some menu screens from the Cacophany Module Collections, and one from 
the Pilez Games CD.. We say, what's the point mate! Why don't you give the 
compilation  disks a rest,  as there is obviously too little new  original 
material coming out for the ST to justify them..  Why not take a couple of 
months out to hone your coding skills and do a proper demo instead!! 

'Blubb System'
EKO and Lazer join forces in this production which turns your Falcon  into 
a  quivering heap of strawberry jelly and has the DSP inside  running  for 
mummy.. Superb!! (If only!!)

UTILITIES..

'Cheap diskbox'
There  is  one  surefire  way to avoid paying  over  the  top  prices  for 
diskboxes  that have a mere 80-100 capacity for disks..  Simply go down to 
the  nearest shoe shop,  purchasing a pair of expensive fashion shoes,  at 
œ30-œ50 a time..  Simply discard the shoes, keeping the outer box.. With a 
bit  of  string to hold it all together,  this can hold up to 150  disks.. 
Wow!! And only for a cost of œ30-œ50 for the unwanted shoes!! - Errmm..

ADVERTISING..

Khaos  PD!!  We're  a  bunch  of shamateurish lamers at  the  moment,  our 
'collection'  of PD started at less than 20 disks when we  first  started, 
and  now  it has reached the dizzy heights of 200 disks,  we really  think 
we're something special.. We also advertise in ST-Format, one of the three 
people  on the Atari PD scene still doing so!!  Send for a free  catalogue 
now, and have a stiff giggle at our inexpertise!!
(ED- I'm a bit concerned,  this is a real PD library,  apart from the very 
slight  name  change,  what if they see this?? - Don't worry,  they're not 
remotely in the Falcon owning bracket, anyway, all of the above checks out 
as TRUE!!- CiH)

PROGRAMMING..

Texture mapped walls in a basket..
Pop  down  to your local supermarket,  ask for some *freshly  killed*  3-D 
vector polygons,  they have to be freshly killed, tinned ones simply won't 
do..  Go  home,  and  crumple  up some spaghetti sticks..  Quickly fry the 
polygons  in virgin olive oil,  adding mixed herbs and garlic according to 
taste..  Fry  at  a  high  heat  for  two  minutes..  Boil  the  spaghetti 
separately,  mix together, garnish with pieces of DevPac and garlic bread, 
serve in a basket..

FICTION..

The tale of Waa..
Once  upon a time there was this big thing which threatened the  fair  and 
mystic  land  of Krangledoom..  It was their credit card bill for  all  of 
those wizards potions and CD-ROM picture disks that they had ordered  back 
in  July..  It  was  to to Waa,  the Cupbearer of Krangledoom,  to undergo 
various  adventures  in  a  tedious  sub-Tolkienesque  manner,   and  have 
countless 'hit points' calculated against him by unseen spirits in  bright 
green anoraks, and nil social life..

Waa  verily got pissed off with this,  and enlisted the help of some other 
characters  with  hastily  made up names,  to go about the  land,  selling 
copies of their disk magazine, in order to provide the funds to make their 
escape to the Shag-o-Rama holiday island and leisure complex..

They fail, but it is fun watching them struggle anyway.. 

INTERVIEW..

This issue Ron Moanon, STFM owner (half meg)..

DBA.. "What pleasure do you get out of owning and using an ST these days?"

Ron.. "What bloody pleasure do I get? None matey, let me tell you that now 
because all I hear is Falcon Falcon Falcon!  Then I read Atari World,  and 
its  the  same there,  everything about bloody Falcons,  and those  poncey 
STE's  with their flaming extra memory..  What about us lowly STFM  owners 
with just the basic half-meg and a single sided drive??  WE made the Atari 
great,  now what are they doing for us,  precisely bloody nothing,  that's 
what!!  And  what do we want?  Well nothing from them buggers who wouldn't 
recognise  a decent computer if it came up to them in the street  and  bit 
them on the ankle,  that's what..  Take your ZX Spectrum,  now there was a 
*real* computer...."

DBA (96 hours later).. "Erm, thanks.."

NEXT ISSUE..

Homicidal  religions,  which one is the best?  We compare several and rate 
two  as best value for money,  but take note of several interesting up and 
comers in this revealing report!!

Game  styles that sail a bit too close to the breeze generated by the  big 
console  manufacturers..  After  the  release of Super  STario  Lands,  we 
preview Top Byte Software's next exciting release, STonic The Hedgehog!!

New Maggie Shell nearly starts World War III! - Find out how a mix up over 
disks  at  the U.S.A.  NORAD Command centre Falcon F030 almost  caused  an 
accidental  launch  of 40-50 Intercontinental Ballistic  Missiles  to  the 
former Soviet Union..

'About  Cows' - there is an entire CD-ROM devoted to these creatures,  yes 
there is..  It retails at œ18.99 from the CD-ROM Warehouse, 1A The Avenue, 
Newton  Abbot,  Devon,  TQ12  2BZ..  "Collection  of bovine facts,  trivia, 
farmers info, B/W and colour image - Top ten seller!" 

THE FAT LADY SINGS..

La  la  La etc,  or whatever it is that fat ladies sing at the end  of  an 
issue..

Time to go, beeee good until next time, seeyaall!!

CiH (C) Aug '95..
~GREY.PAL~
