--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             FEEDBACK AND VOICES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After a short  collection of feedback I  got for UCM # 22 that I will leave here
all uncommented, follows an article I found  in HUGI # 25 on PC, I have included
the whole article for you to check it out...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
alter, alter.

ich muss schon sagen...

RESPEKT!

ich habe bislang nur  einige wenige  artikel des neuen mags  gelesen, aber schon
diese lassen alle ausgaben von  alive verblassen. da ist  er wieder, der gelobte
schreibstil, die  slaggings ("feedback"). viele texte. tolle grafiken (ich knie'
nieder), hervorragende musik von tao (wow, was fÅr ein georgel!).

was will ich mehr? ich bin rundum glÅcklich!

atari rules!

hoffe dich bald mal wieder im irc zu sehen!

bis dahin,
torsten aka mOdmate/Checkpoint


p.s.: und ich Ñrgere mich, daû ich dir nicht ein bissel unter die arme gegriffen
      habe - so wie in guten alten zeiten. irgendwie hatte ich immer das gefÅhl,
      daû das alles fÅr die katz' wÑre, weil das neue mag doch nicht kommt.

      wieder einmal wurde ich nun eines besseren belehrt.

      nunja.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Finally, UCM is out.... and as always it kicks ass :o)
You did a great job dude and your magascene  deserves the  hype, one of the best
underground diskmagazine I've ever read !

Keep up the good work and never give up, stay ATARI.


EdO/Sector One

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I was very  pleased with  the issue  as such, excpesially  reading about my demo
"wait", an ego trip  is always welcome .) in fact so welcome that work has begun
in a new production. Hopefully for EIL 2003 if possible not sure as I rewrite it
from the ground up and I always "code for fun" ;).

Please do keep up the good work, reading UCM has always been a pleasure and if I
get an idea I will write something up for you.

regard
   Fredrik Olsson aka Peylow/TOYS

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Hi Eric

I will read  ucm tonight.. Just  came  online  again  at  uni.. Great  that  you
finished it so soon!
About the shell. I really  don't want to  mess around with  it as I told seb and
you a few times. It's a horrible mess. Someone should really make a new shell.
That would be a good idea. Evl had some plans I heard..

About makelink. I've stop  using tbe linksystem  for my prods  so I don't use it
anymore. However, I'm  willing to check  out it's behaviour. I've got your notes
and hope I can  reproduce these  errors.. Ofcourse  it could be you  used an old
version of makelink or it got corrupted? I'll have a look.

Good luck with ucm23 and with your family!

Pieter (earx)

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Hallo Eric !

well I spent most of last night reading UCM22 and really I just LOVE reading new
stuff! Sometimes I feel a bit lonely thinking of so few magazines :( But we need
diversity and  no single minded  views. I wish you could find regular writers so
that you could kick us hard :)

not much  to add except  that i was a bit  puzzled reading  that you just didn't
want to comment on my feedbakc to UCM21: what do you mean? I know you and I have
clearly opposite  visions of  the Scene but that  doesn't make us rivals, well I
don't consider you an enemy but more like a friend. Anyway I just can't read you
mind!

Btw, I hope you  now have a happy  life with your  wife and daughter! you surely
are a valuable man. Keep it up !

cheers, seb

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

hi. also erstmal glÅckwunsch zum neuen undercover, ich habe zwar noch nicht viel
lesen kînnen aber bisher recht interessant.

flash/tnb design

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Respekt,

man merkt  das du kein  Coder bist. Du  hast irgendwie zuviel Zeit zum schreiben
;-) Schîner Artikel. GefÑllt  mir.. Finde  ich faszinierend  wieviel Zeit du fÅr
das Magazin opferst. Alle Achtung...

Tschau

JÅrgen aka Dragon/New Trend

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

               Latest Developments in the Atari Diskmags Scene

                                    Adok/Hugi

In these  days in  which not  a lot of diskmags are released in the whole scene,
it becomes  yet more interesting  to take  a close look  at the few who have not
left us, regardless of the platform for which they are released. On the occasion
of the recent release of Undercover Magascene #22 (in the middle of April 2002),
I've taken a peek  on the recent  development and the current state of the Atari
diskmag scene.

"Atari scene", that's  a term  that  comprises  the  demomakers  active  on such
different  platforms  as the ST, a  16-bit computer from  the middle 1980s which
once was the  most fierce competitor of the Commodore Amiga, the Falcon, a newer
architecture which  made serious  trouble for  486s in  the early 1990s, and the
Jaguar, which was the first 64-bit video game console ever - it had already been
established three years before the development of the Nintendo 64.

Since ST programs  can be run on  Falcon and PC too, in  the latter case using a
free  emulator  such as  PaCiFiST or  SainT (available  at  http://www.atari.st/
Little Green Desktop), most  diskmags are  still based on ST shells. In fact, as
we will shortly  see, there are two mags using a rather old engine that has seen
hardly any changes since 1998.
Due to this, graphics  and sound capabilities are restricted; the clear focus of
most Atari diskmags is the content. However, there are also a few Falcon mags.
As far  as I know, there is hardly any active Atari demomaker who does not own a
Falcon, so  the number of  people from  the target group  who are unable to read
them is rather small, but of course ex-Atari users and those who've never had an
Atari won't be able to read these mags using their PCs.

Three years  ago, we  had the  first Atari Diskmags Report  in Hugi, to  be more
precise Hugi #14. Back  then  there  were  two  major  magazines, the Undercover
Magazine (UCM), which had already reached issue 14 as well, and Maggie, of which
26 issues had seen  the light of  the day thus far. The first being published in
Germany, the  second  in  England,  both  had  international  contributors, were
targeted at  an international  readership and featured in the former case mostly
and in the latter case only articles in the English language. Furthermore, there
was another active diskmag, Toxic Magazine. But this one was en Francais and not
intended to address anyone outside la Grande Nation.

Similar to  other magazines  at other  platforms  at other times, UCM and Maggie
were struggling to become leaders in the scene. Of course this was not a serious
struggle, it  was a competition driven by fun. The answer to the question of who
was the leader was left open, as both magazines had their own diskmags charts in
which, naturally, they themselves were placed number 1 respectively.
Basically  it seemed  that, like so often, there were two factions in the scene,
one being Maggie groupies, the others defenders of the undercover crown.

The UCM adherents  regarded their mags as more scenish, since it focused on news
and heaps  of reviews  of demos, music  packs, diskmags and even ascii art while
containing only few non-scene articles - mostly jokes in German language from an
unknown  origin. By contrast, Maggie  was more open-minded towards other topics,
the scene  section being just one of many. The games and game-dev section was of
the same  size, and there  were lots  of stories  and reports about real-life as
well as fictional  happenings. At the same time Maggie also featured more coding
articles. Well, yeah, I see that you are smiling - or at least I am.

UCM was directed by Moondog, a German editor and member of the demo group .tSCc.
(the  sirius  cybernetics  corporation).   He  was  (in)famous  for  his  harsh,
opinionated reviews  in which he did not hold back criticism, no  matter whether
the respective  production  had been  released  by a  friend or foe  of his. His
writing  was not too bad, never  too short, sometimes  rather too long. However,
his style  very often  appeared to be  quite spontaneous, which was shown by the
frequent use  of the words "hehe" and "hmm". That's why MrPink, deputy editor of
Maggie, once joked that Moondog was probably living in Hmmburg.

Short after  the review in  Hugi, Moondog's scene activities were interrupted by
the loss  of a very close relative. It was not easy for him to recover from this
shock, especially as it also meant that from now on he would have to assume more
responsibility for his remaining family. That was why he decided to stop working
on the magazine  which he  had been  leading and  filling with articles for more
than five years.

The  new  main  editor  was  STsurvivor, the  former  editor of the French Toxic
Magazine. STS created issues  15 to 20 of UCM. Whilst  issue 15 was still in the
Moondog style because Moondog had left quite a lot of articles to his successor,
he was on  his own in  the remaining  issues. STS faced the problem with which a
lot  of editors  who aren't  accustomed to  writing  everything  themselves  are
confronted: lack  of  contributions. So  the  fact  that  UCM was released quite
frequently, and  once  there  was  even just a  month's time between two issues,
isn't due to a flood of articles; these issues were simply small in content.

After UCM #20, STS resigned. At about the same time the last issue of Maggie was
released - 10 years  after Maggie #1. The  Atari scene  was left without a major
diskmag. Then  editors  of  both  magazines, such  as  CiH, Paranoid and Exocet,
decided  to team  up and  create a  new  mag. Born  was Alive, the  mag that was
supposed to  show that the  Atari scene was  what its name indicated. One former
UCM  editor, however, didn't  join  this  move; instead,  Grey  of  Mystic Bytes
founded  another  disk magazine, Chosneck. So  far there is only an issue. It is
based on a  Falcon engine  which, according to the review in UCM #22, looks very
much like PC diskmags such as Hugi.

Whereas Chosneck  apparently has a pretty modern interface, Alive is embedded in
the engine  of the  old Undercover Magazine. It  looks  so much  like  older UCM
issues that, if  there wasn't  the Alive logo, you'd  think you were reading yet
another UCM edition. But  in contrast  to the last UCMs, it did have quite a lot
of content: about 70 articles per issue. The first issue came out in early 2001.
By now there are already four issues.

But, now  comes the  surprise: Short  after Alive #1, UCM #21 was released under
the .tSCc. label; Moondog was back  in business! Again  he had  created an issue
almost with  only his own  articles. The  mag appeared in the same old, or let's
say classic style, it featured  the same sections  as before, a big  news corner
and lots of  reviews, including reviews of Alive and the last issues of UCM with
STS as  the main  editor - the  headline  is  already  very telling: "UCM at its
worst?".

A year  later, in  April  2002, UCM #22  came  out, again  mainly  with  Moondog
editorials, Moondog news, Moondog reviews - and, okay, Mc Laser party reports.

Moondog is  a veteran who  is obviously  very dedicated  to the  Atari scene and
loves  writing about  it. He also  seems to feel  responsible  for his magazine,
which is very  understandable, as he built it up  himself, led it  and dominated
its  contents for  several  years. He  is  the  example  of a single person with
oustanding commitment - commitment strong enough to keep a whole scene alive.

Apart from those, some new mags saw the light of the day  in Poland and England:
Syntax vs Underground and ST Offline respectively. At  this point it seems to be
impossible to tell anything but that future will show us how they will develop.

The latest two issues of UCM can also be read online at
http://www.sirlab.de/tscc/ucm.html
That's a  very good  move for  those who  want a quick read without bothering to
install an emulator and find out how to handle that new, virtual system.

In conclusion, although  Atari systems  aren't widespread, the scene seems to be
still running, and there are still mags of some quality. I'm personally not much
attracted  by reviews except sometimes mag-reviews, but if that's what an editor
wants to write, there's no reason to forbid him to do so.

                                                       Adok/Hugi - 29 April 2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------