MULTI PRE VIEW...

THUNDER JAWS.

Again a Tengen/Domark release. This time it plays in a unter
water city build by the develish Madame Q. Your mission:
dive into the deep and confront the cybernatic sharks, enemy
divers and all manner of evil. Infiltrate her base, rescue the
hostages and destroy her subterranean fortress. Pick up flame
throwers, defeat the hordes of henchmen and battle with armies
of monstrous genetic mutants.
This furious shoot out gives no respite. The action's non-stop
from the start level of this fantastic multi level game.
So the advertisment says, the screen shots look very nice, nice
graphix's, but further information about playability and sound
isn't avaiable yet...


COOL CROC TWINS

Take a couple of cute an crazy crocs, drop them in at the deep
end and let the fun begin !!. Now here's something very different
indeed - a sort of climbing, flying, bouncing platforms spectacular
courtesy of Empire. Our cool Crocs find themselves in all sorts of 
trouble as they attempt to head-butt their way out of trouble by
bouncing around the screen after screen. With a style of gameplay
all of it's own, tons of bonuses and some darned cutie crocs, we
reckon this one could be a little bit special. So keep posted
for some more info as soon as we get it...


SUSPICIOUS CARGO

The mortgage is due and you just don't have the money to pay it.
The mortgage in question is on your class 5 Starcarrier.The company
who owns the ship wants you to do them a little favour, in return
off which, they will let you off the hook. This all sounds very amicable
until you discover that they want you to smuggle a top secret gene-
tically engineered superweapon to Earth. The weapon is in fact a nigh
on indestrutible alien with a bad attitude an no conscience. Earths
customs will string you up if they caught you, but you have no choice.
Germlin's Suspicious Cargo is a brand new arcade-adventure-rolplaying
 and puzzle game in one. There is lots do do in this game that will
be around in October...


