NEO NAZI GAMES ???

Neo nazi games are spreading again...

Neo nazi and anti semitisch videogames that sneer with concentration
camps, have conquered schools in Austria. The authortiys haven't got
any idea's where these games are coming from. There is already a 
campaign started 2 years ago against the use of these games, and
lately these games are also seen in Netherland, Sweden and V.S.

"Auschwitz Totaal", "Hitler Dictator nummer eins" and " Anti Turk test"
are some of the titles. According to a study of the Austrian M. of
Education and Science there were in the place Linz, where Hitler a
large part of his youth lifed, 39 percent of the childeren knew these
games and 22 percent had already played them once. These games, with
out any exeption, make you hate the judes an turkische people. In one
of them you must play a leader of a concentration camp and earn money
by , for example, selling golden teeths from judes, for buying gas to
gas the turkische people ....

Another game called "Arische test" is a serie of questions to appiont
the purity of rase of the player. According to the game a half Arier
can work his way up by killing communists. A half breed in de first
second or third degree is only good enough to clean op the streets.

The Austrian authoritys haven't got any idea about who the writers 
of these programms are or where they come from. These games are spread
by home made copies. The centre Simon Wiesental in Los Angels has 
an award of œ25.000 dollars for the person who can give the any 
information about the writers. Wiesenthal says that he has exact 
information about the games- over a 150 different- that they are made
by German neo Nazi's and they have moved the production of it to 
Sweden. These games are not made to make any profide, only to spread
the wrong ideas about lot of things. The Austrian minister hasn't 
forbid these games yet cause he thinks that that only will make a lot
of publicity for the games.

So if you have any of these games, do tyourself a favour and format
the disk so it can not be spread by anyone. If you have any information
then send it to the Simon Wiesenthal instituut...

                                        Bonus Software



