EGGITORIAL

~HEAD01.BLK~                                                 ~HEAD02.BLK~





                        OoOoOo   
                        O       
                        OoOo    
                        O      G G I T O R I A L . . .
                        OoOoOo 







                            Right Slimer,
               let's see if you're man enough to include this!






      CIH  of Maggie speaking to try to counteract any hint  of  moaning 
      noises  from the real editorial..  I hope Slimer and company  will            
      actually sound like they are enjoying the process of creating this 
      wonderful  and  unique  piece of  electronic  media  history,  and 
      actually convey these emotions in their real editorial this time.. 
      The editorial in issue eleven was a bit sad and ST-Format sounding 
      to say the least and should have been killed off at birth.. I have 
      certainly  enjoyed  writing a few pieces for  this  wonderful  mag 
      (I'll  send you the bill for all this flattery later Slimer!)  and 
      hope you enjoy reading it as much..

      I can't really tell you what is going in at this stage as that  is 
      up  to  the Dutch persons in charge of this mag,  but expect  some 
      kind  of real-time stuff from the very interesting Fried Bits  III 
      Convention, the stuff I've written, rather thinly scattered around 
      the  mag,  and  the usual sort of things you get in a typical  DBA 
      issue, (Bad English for example, OW! GERROFF, I'M ONLY JOKING!!)

      *FREE PLUG FOR US!*
      In the meantime,  you may like to know that our own all-new Falcon 
      specific  Maggie  shell should be ready for the  summer  (August), 
      although  new issues will still continue to be released using  the 
      old Delta Force shell for all those ST fans still out there..
                                     
      Also  by  way  of more not-so  discreet  advertising,  Maggie  17, 
      (regular  unleaded Delta Force shell program only) is out by  now, 
      and freely available from the usual places.. 

      This very short pseudo-editorial is going flat with fatigue,it  is 
      the  end  of  the day,  well after midnight,  and I  needed  three 
      attempts to get the preceding sentence rite, er wright, oh sod it! 
      My head screams 'Bed!' So off I now go..

                        CIH 4 DBA - March '95..


