
{*f1 FEEDBACK TO UCM 16{*f0

ñ -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CosmoH / Sector One wrote (in French so I had to translate) :
 
 "If it's true that I'm not satisfied with the results of the charts I don't 
 blame you or Greedo for that as I think the readers are responsible..."
 
 STS's response : we had a long raging talk on IRC mostly about the charts and 
 to speak the truth some results were really surprising to me too. The most 
 stiking example is surely to find Idemline among the best ST bands. Their demos 
 coded by Sine (this is a one man crew btw) are among the weirdest and worst 
 coded I've ever seen. Sorry to say that this way but really I hated putting his 
 name beside Defjam, Llama, Candyman or Evil. But that's what charts are about : 
 people who give their opinion, this is called democracy. Maybe next charts will 
 be closer to reality... we'll see...
 
 "About the comments of the other day I still stick to them and think UCM15 was 
 of better quality than this issue as far as the shellgfx, musics, the content 
 are concerned though it is all a matter of taste. Not to mention that most 
 articles were written by you (ie STS), where are the other so called writers ?"
 
 STS' response : About the quality of UCM16 I completely disagree with you ! The 
 shell gfx by Vulgar is very flashy and this is an extreme contrast compared to  
 Moondog/Havoc shell but it's not bad either and some people preferred this one. 
 As for the musics I must say that I immediately fell in love with TAO's tune !! 
 but I don't think you can say that MCL or DmaSc contributions are poor !! As 
 for the number of writers I must confess that I expected more articles but it  
 seems ppl enjoyed their summertime more than I actually did 8-( Hope to see    
 more next time. Also I cannot forget the atari.org being shut down for a couple 
 of weeks (ask MCL about the articles he sent me once and that I never received  
 courtesy of atari.org...). Last but not least I counted my articles and they   
 amounted to 23 in UCM15 and 21 in UCM16... better do the maths next time before 
 you speak. 
 
 And I want to conclude with saying that some of the "regular" articles I wrote 
 replaced the unvoluntarily delayed articles of MCL. I got his copies much later 
 when we both realized his mail had never reached me but it was too late as I 
 had already written replacements.

 ñ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Spiny of Torment wrote :
 
 "i just thought i'd send you a mail saying that i really like the new UCM
 especially the dhs intro, it's great. plus it was cool to read all the
 things I wrote in the pmp realtime article when i was drunk :)"
 
 STS's response : not much to add to these nice comments but that I also enjoyed
 Evil's intro a lot and hope to see always more from him :)
 
 