
{*f1 DO YOU SPEAK FRENCH ?{*f0
                                                                    
ñ                                                        |               |
ò--------------------------------------------------------ðñ|ð by STsurvivorñ |ðò-------
ñ                                                        |..           ..| 

    "French people are lamers". That's almost become my motto since I started to 
look for a job after failing my exam to become an  English Teacher in that great 
intitution called Education Nationale (a sort of sect which gathers teachers and 
other freaks 8-). I  tried to get hired by  training or  business centers, games 
companies and so forth but nothing could do. Still today I only have a part-time
job as a teacher in a training center  but nothing to brag about or even to make 
a living of...

    But the point  I want to  highlight  here isn't that I am a loser 8-) No the 
funny thing is that - as most of  you know - most Frenchies cannot speak English 
at all and that's a sort of national curse. Besides we tend to defend our values 
against the  American invader a little too frantically I think. Ok Americans are
spoilt children who think they are  [ ] fat and dumb
                                    [ ] dumb and fat
                                    [ ] armed and dangerous
                                    [ ] religious fanatics (pro-life are shit !)
                                    [X] kings of the Universe...

  ... but it is cannot be an excuse for a whole nation to deny the importance of 
foreign languages. So now here we are (stupid Frenchies) standing here defending  
our mother tongue while the rest of the world is mocking us. Cool...
 
    Another syndrom of our national disease is this need to translate everything 
to our pure and  beloved  language 8-) But let's focus on  computer softwares or 
documentations. As Evil - so fairly - stated in UCM 16 in his misadventures with 
Centek he  often had to endure  translations of  poor quality (remember  the "We 
know the Falcon" yeah then greet him !). As a PSX gamer I've  had many occasions 
to pick up mispellings and funny (or miserable!) mistakes that often spoiled the 
playablity or  simply the fun you can get from a game. Here are  some examples I 
still remember (and have nightmares about 8-( :

   ~ BUSHIDO BLADE ~
   
   In this  realistic  fighting game you can select your  player from a range of 
warriors inspired  from the "middle aged" Japan : sorts of  samourais  with long 
swords like  katana, knifes and  more... Among the secondary weapons was a metal 
fan. In the French version they chose to use  the word "ventilateur" which means 
"electric fan" quite funny to fight with an electric fan provided you can have a 
battery or a wall plug at hand...

  ~ ROLLCAGE ~
  
   A great futuristic racing game unfortunately spoilt by the  numerous mistakes 
in the French translation. First once the race over  you can enjoy a nice replay 
sequence... Classical but sad to see they translated "replay" as "play again" in 
French esp when the  menu  offers to "continue, play  again  or quit..." Rookies 
must be disappointed when thinking they are given another chance to "play again" 
and then realize that they are merely watching a replay labelled "REJOUR" on the 
screen (hey they made up a new word 8-).

   This game also uses a nice  motion blur  technique used to simulate a texture 
smoothing. Unfortunately you  will have but  very little chance to get it in the  
option screen where it can be found translated as "replay activated [yes] [no]". 
Last but not  least what is the  point translating  a game if  it's  to get some     
messages still displayed in English ? "Wrong way" isn't a French sentence mates!
The same goes for "lap" and others...


    ~ SYPHON FILTER ~
    
   The game I've been most playing lately in spite of many bugs in the 3D engine 
(from another time) and the lousy translations. Here are my fave quotations :

   * A flashlight is translated as "flash of lightning" ! Uh ! Needs powerful 
   batteries then to light this one !
   
   * The "elevator" is an "elevateur" (a riser if that was to exist) instead of 
   the usual word "ascenseur".
   
   * This one is really tricky as it  seems to be a correct  translation ! There  
   is a stage held in an Antartic base or something. You  need to be discrete in 
   this one. A real stealth initiation ! Yeah but I thought something was wrong.
   When you meet 2 guards you can only shoot one  then the other gives the alarm 	
   and your mission is a  failure... While  searching for the correct item in my    
   inventory I came up with some "grenades lacrymogenes" (tear gas grenades). 
   
   I gave it a try having nothing more to lose but the little  patience my brain 
   was still  holding to... I tossed one and  it killed the two guys without the 
   slightest noise ! Shit... and  believe me they  had no time to shed  a single 
   tear...
   
   ~ METAL GEAR SOLID ~
   
   No real  mistakes in that great  breath taking  game but I  noticed that some 
   items names were simply  displayed in English in the  French version ! Ok you 
   can guess what a life bar is but what  about "scope" ? I don't  have the game 
   by me now but I can tell that there were many more examples ! 
   
   
   Now the thing is : French people  though their  knowledge in  English remains 
   very poor are not willing to  hire English  teachers (what about the Internet 
   by the way ? Did you know that only 4% of the French have an Inet access ??). 
   Not to forget the allmighty game  companies which  just don't want to spend a 
   single dollar on a correct  translation !! I'm sure they  must have an interm 
   who's given a dictionary and a textfile to translate... It sucks... I've sent 
   lots of resumes to  game companies but  they "don't  need [me] though [I] can 
   be sure [they] will keep [my] CV preciously". That's a shame... Also I have a 
   Finnish friend who works  for one of  these companies and  last time we had a 
   talk on IRC he told  me "their English was awful and that it was very hard to 
   get understood sometimes".
   
   That's about the situation in France these days. I have tried to get hired as 
   an internet initiator (though I'm basically  nothing more than a user 8)) but 
   they just asked  me  stupid  questions like "you mention being main editor of 
   the ToXic Mag in your CV. Is it a magazine  related to  drugs ??". Sure  with 
   long hair, earrings and a goatee I'm  not the perfect  applicant... Well I am 
   still trying for a few months and  then I'll leave France or  get a lousy job 
   for life and gradually forget all about languages...
   
ó   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------                          

                                                         
    