
{*f1 THE ROLLERCOASTER{*f0

           ò       ~    E  X  P  E  R  I  E  N  C  E   ~
        
    Due to a lack of time and writers I had to write this review in a real rush 
without being able to go deep enough to make a real opinion but hell I'm trying 
to do my job...

    This game first released in 1993 under the label òSolution Softwareð was a 
commercial released that Paranoid finally gave to the public domain some weeks
ago. Let's look at it some 6 years later :)

    It seems to run perfectly from my ST harddrive though I couldn't have it run 
on my Falcon even using Backward... Hum not a good start. Also there is no ñEXIT 
option, it means "reboot!" (when testing stuff it's not that pleasant but can be 
explained quite logically as the game is quite old). 

    Run the prg and you'll get a Solution Software presentation screen. That was 
when I realized  the  game only  reacted to  the  mouse (no  need  to  kill your 
keyboard then :). The main  menu doesn't offer many options : start, password, a 
game editor and information (in German !). The  principle of this mind teaser is 
based  on óPipemaniað in other  words  there are  pipes set  on the  screen with a 
starting point and  a  destination. On the right of  the screen  different other 
pipes can be selected to complete the  puzzle  and thus allow a small white ball 
to go from point A  to point B. If  you don't  get it  there is a  demonstration 
rolling out on your screen !

    The gfx are average and the color range is limited to green, yellow and blue 
and that will surely make you  sick after a while  but in that  type of game gfx
are not the most  important thing. There is an  awful soundchip that will try to 
make you go nut  all through  the game and  if you turn the  sound down then you 
won't be able to enjoy the sampled fx and voices. The playability is perfect and 
smooth. You can pick  up tiles, move them  quickly or put  them back without the 
slightest difficulty (not as  in òSTetrisð for example). When you  have placed all 
the pipes and  the time bar  comes to zero a small  ball will run along the path 
you've been carefully building for it. Nothing  more. Of course it's  quite easy 
now but becomes more tricky later :)

    Well  if  you like  mind teasers and do not  pay too much  attention to  the 
surrounding elements, this is a game for you ! I just wish some details had been 
improved esp  the horrible  music, the  possibility  to quit... Basically it's a 
good game though I didn't play it much (well  rebooting takes time too). Nothing 
great but still a game ppl should enjoy it. It would have been better to release 
an updated version with at least a module option on STe/Falcon.

ñ-------------------------------------------------------------------------ð [ sts ]  