
{*f1THE PARACON 2{*f0

              Ú        p a r t y     r e p o r t
                                 
                                 
              (a DLRG Ortsgruppe Selters and Paranoia Party)
              
              
ÒI. Introduction
Ò---------------

First i want to thank everyone of Paranoia for the great support
and reliability they supplied. After having worried for quite a
while if a rather loose group like Paranoia gets a party like that
done at all i have to say i totally underestimated my own group.
Everything on the party itself went fantastically, from the 
preparations before the party over the breakfast organization, the
video-beamer and a white screen to the cleanup afterwards, Luebke,
Strange, der Komtur and Marcstar have really did the best to keep
everything uncomplicated, easy and flawless.
A big thank-you therefore to Marcstar, der Komtur, Strange and
Luebke. I have always been proud about this group but with this
party, you have proven that this is a group everyone in it can be
proud about.


ÚII. Credits
Ú-----------

After having appreciated their work in general, i think it might
be a good idea to list some very "specific" credits here:

- financial supervision, breakfast, white screen : Der Komtur
- ParaCon II poster, VCR and movie, helpful signs: Strange
- ParaCon II logo, DVD player (G3 Macintosh)     : Luebke
- Video-beamer, ITT Interton, TV set, coffee     : Marcstar
- Partyplace, indirect organisation, registration: The Paranoid
- preparation, cleaning up, food service etc     : Everyone


ÛIII. Who has been there
Û-----------------------

In order of appearance (as far as i can recall)
Thorsten Lenz   DLRG            PC              Germany
No              Escape          Falcon030       Germany
Spion           Escape          1040 STE        Germany
Thothy          SDT             Falcon030       Germany
Sokrates        SDT             Falcon030       Germany
505             Checkpoint      Falcon030       Germany
Mad Butscher    Foundation 2    Atari XL/XE     Germany
Havoc           FUN industries  -               Holland
The Match       FUN industries  Falcon030       Holland
Ear_X           FUN industries  -               Holland
D-Force         FUN industries  1040 STE        Holland
Llama           tSCc            Falcon030       Germany
Sage            Escape          -               Germany
Christian Klein DLRG            PC              Germany

Marcstar        Paranoia        1040 STE        Germany
The Paranoid    Paranoia        Falcon030       Germany
Strange         Paranoia        1040 ST, C64    Germany
Luebke          Paranoia        G3 Mac          Germany
Der Komtur      Paranoia        -               Germany

A very big "Thank You" to all those that attended the party
for having been there and for having made the party. It's nice
that you thanked us for the party at the end, but it is us
who has to thank you for having been there, for having enjoyed
it and for telling us so.
After all, the sense of this party was that you enjoyed it, and
i really hope you did. Thank you also for being very easy to
handle, for following a few "rules" we had to set up, for being
extremely kind and for having given us a nice party.


ÚIV. Party Report
Ú----------------

The DLRG-Heim where the party was held is on the edge of a public
swimming pool in Selters (Taunus) in the middle of Germany, between
Frankfurt and Cologne. As the pool is not in a building the pool
was of course closed during winter-time.
The partyplace itself was rather small and many more people than
those who did attend wouldn't have found room for their equipment
anyway without us having to do a major reorganisation of the tables
and chairs. There was a kitchen, a washroom and a small hallway
in the partyplace that more or less lead directly into the main
room where the party was held.
The main room was a conference room with approx. 10 tables placed
in rows within the room, each table offering 2 to 3 people place
to setup their hardware and equipment. Right next to the entrance
was the white screen with a video beamer in front of it. A small
staircase lead upstairs where some kind of a sleeping room is. A
relatively soft and warm carpet was upstairs to rest your tired
bones. The windows offered a nice view over the pool, the kitchen
window was decorated with a ParaCon II poster to show everyone
where the party was.

On Friday night, the main aspect of the party was the gathering.
The first guests arrived at around half past eight and the last
guests arrived late night. People set up their hardware, the SDT
fellows, Thothy and Sokrates immediatelly started to work on
STune while No and Spion rather started to chat with the other
fellows. Ideas being exchanged, the scene being discussed in
general, routines set up and talked about, the usual stuff when
everybody meets and exchanges the latest news.
Later on friday night, Luebke hooked up his Macintosh to play
"Lost in Space" from the DVD on the big-screen (which was rather
small by the way), Mad Butscher showed a few XL demos and his
games to the people and Spion continued to work on his secret
project. Unfortunately, we had some troubles with the "official"
pizza service which had unexpectedly closed down so we had to
get a replacement that also delivered at around 11:30 pm. Not
too easy but we finally managed to get our pizza.
At around 2 o'clock saturday morning, the dutch people finally
arrived. Unfortunately, i was suffering from an extreme lack of
sleep so i rather ducked in my sleeping bag and tried to get some
rest. At around 6 o'clock, everyone was asleep in the sleeping
room, creating a very very peaceful atmosphere.

On Saturday morning, der Komtur arrived and we started to "serve"
breakfast after having picked up some fresh bred and other, minor
things. Marcstar prepared some excellent coffee, Der Komtur and i
prepared the table, Strange emptied the fridge and after a few
minutes, the kitchen was crowded with hungry Atarians, drinking
coffee and having some typical german breakfast - thanks to 505
and No for helping us cleaning up afterwards.
Saturday started more or less like friday ended, with lots of
talk, productive people and exchange of knowledge. Later that
day, 2 people from the DLRG set up their hardware and tried to
build a network with Luebke's Mac. Of course we made a lot of fun
of one of the DLRG guys' PC that was just reinstalling Windows 98
(disabling the Voodoo card in it) but i guess he was used to that.
Most of the people went to the nearby market during the day to
pick up some food, refreshments and of course lots of beer to
live through the day.
Strange started to browse through his endless archive of classical
C64 demos, showing Llama, Spion and Mad Butscher old-school C64
style. Of course Mad Butscher revived the C64 vs. Atari XL again
with me, arguing that the Pokey of the XL can produce better music
than the SID of the C64 etc. things and stuff, but that was more
to make fun of each other than a real argument.
Later during the day, Llama and Sage arrived. I was especially
happy to see Llama once again who even brought his Falcon. Of course
they both got into endless discussion with No about coding, some
special routines etc. and other things like that.
The rest of the day was mainly filled with exchange. The DLRG guys
got a little help with Windows 98 and in return allowed the SDT to
use one of the PCs for some musical bit. Luebke is now supplying
both Mad Butscher and SDT with rendered graphics while Marcstar and
i played some classical games on the STE. Strange kept advertising
the C64 to interested people while der Komtur got a good introduction
to the Mac by Luebke. Funny enough, the previously "unreleased"
IRC-Simulator joke by Paranoia kept popping up through the discussions
and was also being shown for a few times (once even on the big screen)
as Spion had a copy and had of course no reason why to hide it.
The day ended with showing "Starship Troopers" on Der Komturs silver
screen (which was bit bigger than the DLRG's one) and ordering more
Pizza and this time, even other food: Schnitzel, Rumpsteak, Currywurts
and salad.
I guess Saturday ended earlier than friday because at around 4 
o'clock, most people had found their way to the sleeping room
and Sage and Llama as well as the DLRG guys packed their equipment
and left the party.

Sunday started a little unspectacular, but as the party was about to
end soon anyway and as No and Spion were about to leave at around 12
anyway, the day started slowly with us preparing another breakfast
with the goodies Der Komtur and Marcstar had just picked up from a
nearby bakery.
Once again, the Atarians gathered in the kitched to enjoy coffee and
fresh bred with bacon, cheese, jam or chocolate cream. After cleaning
up (thanks Ear_X) and doing some other minor jobs, the last few hours
of the party were being spent relatively relaxed. Two of the dutchies
weren't even getting up anyway while most of the others slowly started
packing their stuff. A few disks copied, a few pieces of software,
music and graphics exchanged.
No and Spion left quite early with Mad Butscher, 505 a little later.
The SDT guys were next while Havoc and The Match got up from sleep.
Some miraculous group from vatican, which i unfortunately missed,
started to prepare a funky demo while we finally started cleaning
up and packing our things as well.
I hated being unfriendly but as we had still some things to do,
clean up and rearrange as the partyplace had to be in its original
shape for the next day when it was being used for a first-aid class,
we were forced to start cleaning up while we still had some guests.
Luckily, the dutch guys didn't take it personal.
As they had left as well, we rearranged the tables, chairs, cleaned
all the rooms and left as well.

So that was the ParaCon II. Unspectacular maybe, probably not very
productive, but a very nice party, a party to meet nice people, to
learn something from them, to show something to them, to basically
spend some time together and talk about everyon'e most favourite
hobby: Atari.


ÚV. Epilogue
Ú-----------

The party was a success in my eyes as it just developed the way
i wanted it. Paranoia -and that's very important to me - proved
that the group is a close group that can work together very very
well if required. 
And of course, it was very very nice to meet the friendly Atari
guys again, the boys from FUN, Escape, Checkpoint, tSCc and it
was just as nice to meet Thothy and Sokrates from SDT for the
first time and have a glance at their project, Stune.
It was also nice to see the DLRG-fellows slowly mix with the
Atarians, even though they were in the minority.
The party didn't bring us any stunning new releases (yet), no
new demos and no new games. But it was not about that anyway and
everybody who expected should have known better anyway.
This party was for people to meet, that's what they did and that's
why this party was a success.


ÛVI. Lost and Found
Û------------------

As this party was mainly attended by Atarians, it was more or less
obvious that nobody was damaging, breaking or stealing anything -
thank you to everyone for following the rules we had to set up.
As with all parties, things have been forgotten and found while
cleaning up while some other things seem to have gotten lost.
We FOUND a large blanket, which presumably belongs to 505.
505, if you're lacking a large cosy, beige and brown blanket
you have been sleeping on/in, please get in touch.
We are MISSING a transparent Competition Pro Joystick that is
very hard to move. It was originally connected to Marcstars
1040 STE, but has probably been used on some other machine.
If you have mistakenly packed this joystick with your stuff,
please get in touch.


ÚVII. Last words
Ú---------------

I (and i hope the rest of Paranoia as well) was honoured that almost
everybody liked the partyplace and that everyone asked us wethere
there'd be a ParaCon III next year.
As much as i enjoyed the party, i'm afraid there won't. With the
STNICCC 2000 at the end of next year, it is very unlikely that a
small ParaCon III would attract anyone. This is absolutely natural.
Even though a ParaCon III wouldn't be intended to host around 100
people like the EIL'99 did, it would still be a waste of time to
organize a ParaCon III next year at that time.
But who knows ... Maybe there's a ParaCon II 1/2 or a ParaCon IV ?


P.S. Why do Atari 8-bit fanatics always defend their machine when
     it is obviously inferior to the C64, graphics- and soundwise ?
     ;-)))))


                              Signing off,
                              
    
Ú    The Paranoid  Luebke  Strange  Der Komtur  Marcstar  MrFuture  TNT
Ò    ------------  ------  -------  ----------  --------  --------  ---
    
    
 Û                          P A R A N O I A
                      Think you can handle it ?!
                      
                    ( part of the Lunatic Asylum )

