
с -----------------------------------------------------------------------------р
 {*f1 ANIMAL MINE RETURNS{*f0
у -----------------------------------------------------------------------------р
   
    тMachine :р all STs (1Mb ?) seldom work on Falcon
    
    тCreditsр : code -> MC
              gfx  -> JMS and No More
              msx  -> Scavenger
                              [full credits can be found in the various screens]
    
    All ST lovers must remember уAnimal  Mineр as being one of these hugely famous 
bands of the Golden Years. Unfortunately as most newcomers I only came to the ST 
when most of these crews were fading away. Today (well a few weeks  ago already) 
there is a new and refreshing wind of  тnostalgiaр blowing around us so let's have 
a deep breath and close our eyes...

    Actually that happened when MC -- now known as Slippy on Irc -- had the cool 
idea to release some unused screens... He first gave us one package then another 
one and even a third one !! In all у11р screens for our pleasure !

 
    сPACK #1р
    с-------р
       
    у[dreamscape]
    
    Main screen of this archive, it all starts with an option  screen from which 
you can select a chip by Scavenger among 3 (all  taken from Synergy's last demo) 
and that's a good piece of news as I LOVE scavenger's tunes ! Then you'll notice 
that -as usual- old school demos this screen is divided  into 3 parts, the upper 
and lower border being  of a  different color and  bring a nice touch of design.  
the introduction starts with a zomming Animal Mine logo of good quality followed 
by a really  awesome  PRESENT word (really !!!) and some  text displayed  with a 
stylish white font.

     The text screens feature a red rotating Animal Mine logo at  the bottom and 
a text on top of the  screen that is  displayed letter  after letter. After that 
the screen fades to white and we can enjoy  some shaded  splines (well just like 
shadebobs but with splines instead). Note that the  colors are very well chosen. 
More text  with a  golden  font and  a green  dot  ball  spinning  around in the 
background. A very cool ATARI logo comes next before the credits are given.

{*i atari.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

     Hey it's not  over yet ! We are announced a bomb effect and here it comes :  
the  fastest "keftales" (hope I remember well :) I have  ever  seen... There are   
horizontal ones  then  vertical and some  more I  cannot describe  but that look 
definitely very nice !! The last screen is a plain red THE END...

    
    у[BBS add] 
      
    Undoubtedly the  least interesting  screen and  yet it is  not bad... But of 
course reading about a BBS that  isn't working anymore isn't that exciting. This 
quite simple screen features the now usual screen split with coloured borders, a 
nice soundtrack that sounds a bit like  a chipmod and  logically a great deal of 
text displayed in medium resolution. Looks nice and neat...

    у[3D reset]
    
    Unsurprisingly when you launch this prg you  are asked to reboot, hey that's 
why it's called a reset screen after all ;) Another  split screen this time with 
nice old school  ornaments (reminds me of something :) on top and at the bottom.  
This single  screen  is  composed  besides  coloured  splines of  an  horizontal 
scrolltext. Cannot be compared with Dreamscape of course but nice anyway.


    сPACK #2
    с-------
    
    у[Vectronix Pirate CD 1]
    
    Hum if I remember well that intro is *not* included in  the original pack #2 
but Slippy kindly sent it  to me after we  met on irc :)) Don't even know if you 
mortals can  download it ;) As  mentioned this  is an intro for Vextronix and it 
logically starts with a VEX logo with  some bragging text  behind... I forgot to 
add that this intro uses the DMA sound and allows STes users to enjoy a cool mod 
by Moby/Atreid Concept. Anyway the chip by Iso/Sentry is great too so it's all a 
matter  of  taste. The main  screen is  fullscreen and  it  shows a  really nice 
raytraced VECTRONIX logo in the upper border. The center of the screen is filled 
with a green informative text covered with a red flexiscroll and  two 3D objects 
in wireframe. Very old school ie very cool !


   у[Laaame]
   
   A mysterious screen that is. Launch the prg and for a few seconds you'll see 
a blue/grey Animal Mine logo with rasters... After these 5 seconds of piece the 
whole screen crashes through an  impressive process emphasized by  weird noises 
and colors. The  best crashtest I have  ever seen ! Dunno if  it is supposed to 
work on other machines...

   у[PSG Fullscreen]
   
   It reads : "a test screen for the Animal Mine mag". Though only due to be an 
internal screen I suppose it looks damm nice with a huge and colorful A.M. logo 
in the upper border and  in overscan, a centered text  filled with  rasters and 
rasters on each side. It's all very colorful, in  fullscreen and the sound is a 
cool soundtrack with lots of drums.


   у[PAL comp]
   
   A very cool screen ! The first part features the now  usual AM logo plus nice 
rasters and a huge (x64 ?) scrolltext in the  upper border. But if you press the 
right shift key you have a  very pleasant  surprise with the first "4 bit plasma 
on any ST/e". I have absolutely _NO_ idea of the meaning of this announcment but 
the fullscreen plasma that follows is really superb with an impressive number of 
colours and incredible quality of dithering. Could be my new screen saver :)


   сPACK #3 : GCS66 parts
   с---------------------
   
   If you have a good memory then this name must sound familiar to you. Back in 
1995-96 Animal Mine known for its compilation among other things announced their 
very last Atari production : Great Stuff Compilation 66 aka GSC66. The guestpart 
created by tSCc, a nice  and speedy  tekno democlip, was  released last year (or 
the year before??) courtesy of MC Laser so here are the missing parts !

   у[intro]
   
   First there is a nice AM logo by JMS plus  another two nice screens with some 
text (really nice piccies all  through the compilation anyway) then  a big 99 is 
displayed right in the center of the screen. Oups wrong number : let's rotate it 
until it becomes a 66... Better this  way. Some text  pops up  giving more info, 
another GSC66 logo...

   There is a weird red triangle on the screen now (actually it is an impossible 
shape some sides mixing up  with others) and a moving  3D blue space-cut cube on 
top of it. A small red font for the credits and  let's have it  zoomed a bit for 
the names of the perpetrators :) The final screen displays some text like "press 
space to..." while  a big  blue  dot carpet  keeps moving  like a mad cow in the 
background.

   у[loader]
   
   This is is very short as it is just a loader (no???) A blue screen split in 2 
with a darker blue at  the bottom. Some  text while  loading and  then a curtain 
effect deletes the text. Cool chip by the way but cannot remember the composer.

   у[main menu]
   
   An INTER contribution. A flashy green background with a blue box on the right 
that informs us about the contents of  the compil, a light green  scroll text on 
top and another green bow with greetings on the left while blue wireframe starts 
zoom in. Nice effects but I don't really like the colors...

   у[end part]
   
   Ah ! First  of all  this  part  features a  very  nice module. The  screen is 
composed as follows : a blue  banner with  distorting light blue text  on top of 
the screen and  pictures or  more text  displayed  on the  lower part. It's very 
dynamic, the piccies (this time by Agent -t !!) are of very good quality and the 
design level is really  satisfactory. The very  final part - once  again divided 
into 3 parts with text on top and at the bottom - is also very eye catching with 
some text displayed in the middle in a yellow or orange color while a dot box is 
rotating. Love this sort of outtro !!!

{*i credits.pi1 m 0 20 0 200}

   тBottom Line :р this is what I call pure nostalgia !!! I was у*so happy*р to have 
   т-----------р   this old good vibe running through my veins. The design quality 
   is very typical of the years 93-96 (pick up old demos and you will see what I 
   mean) with split borders, curtain  effects, tons of nice colors... The musics 
   esp Scavy's made me go  gooseflesh and I loved  that ! The fx and the piccies 
   are also very very good ! Okay a few  minor (or bugged) screens are not worth 
   spending 10  minutes on  but the intros, outros are  pretty уcoolр ! Now can we 
   expect other bands to show us their unfinished screens ??? I know some people 
   are still holding treasures out there, please fellows show them !
с   :
с   :
с   :--------------------------------------------------------------[рт STSрс ]----->