COMPUTER WIDOW

                              COMPUTER WIDOW
                              --------------


       Being the wife of an avid computer freak i just thought i would
       write and tell you what it feels like to be a computer widow.
       Most computer software i have come across are headed towards
       men or children, companies do not seem to realise that women
       also like to dabble in new age technology.

       I myself find nothing more relaxing then an adventure or tetris
       game on my computer. But i still feel sometimes that my husband
       is not the same man i married, all this being my fault. Three
       years ago my husband said he would like an Atari ST, so being
       the generous loving person i am i bought him one. Unfortunately
       i told him that i would only buy him one as long as it was not
       put in a cupboard after six months and never used again. THAT
       WAS MY BIG MISTAKE..

       As i said it was three years ago that i bought my husband his
       computer and he has used it almost daily since then. The only
       times he as not been on it is either when we have been lucky
       enough to go on holiday ( then all i got was i'm bored i wish
       i had my computer with me. ) or the day we moved because he was
       so tired he did not have the energy to set it up.

       Don't get me wrong i have nothing against the computer or my husband,
       but i do sometimes wish computers had never been invented. Over the
       past three years my husbands hobby has grown and grown and the
       expense has also grown. I now have a spare bedroom used as a computer
       room which contains an Atari STFM, an Atari STE, an Atari 800xl,
       3 printers, a collection of modems that don't work, hundreds of
       games, and magazines, with more magazines and games being added
       every month. This may seem like a haven for some people but when
       it comes to keeping the computer room tidy it is more of a joke.

       My husband has now found out about public domain software and
       again money is being spent to keep up with his growing hobby.
       It may seem as if i am continuosly moaning and i must admit i
       feel that way myself sometimes, but if you men had to put up with
       it from us i'm sure you would not be so understanding or obliging
       when it comes to new software or even ten to fifteen pounds a
       month on computer magazines when you are out of work and expecting
       a baby very shortly. Another moan i have about my husband is that
       he gets so engrossed in what he is doing that when i call him for
       his meals he totally ignores me. Many women i'm sure have this
       same problem so to prove what it feels like, the other day he cooked
       dinner and i was on the computer. It took me about ten minutes before
       i finished what i was doing and went for my food, this did not go
       down to well but it has not changed anything. I still have to stand
       in the kitchen guarding his food so the cats do'nt eat it before
       he has finished with his programming.

       So i did not feel too left out my husband bought me an Atari STE
       about a year ago and although i do use it reguarly i do not find
       it quite so addictive. As many of the games are male orientated.

       Some of the games that will interest your wifes or girlfriends to
       join you in your hobby ( if you want them to ) are,
       Grandad And The Holy Vest, Leisure Suit Larry, Blat ( STE only ),
       Arkanoid Revenge Of Doe, Loom, Most Sierra Games, Tetris and similar
       clones, plus many other interesting and mind thinking games of logic.

       So overall being a computer widow is probably not has bad as i thought
       it was when i started to write this, but then i still wait so see what
       computer magazines have yet to include for the female users. There is
       a lot more females interested in computers out here than people seem
       to realize.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

