DISK-MAGAZINES


                             About disk-magazines
                             --------------------

This is an article about disk-magazines in general. Today there are
lotsa different disk-magazines on the ST. Some of them are good, the
others aren't. I haven't seen all of those magazines, but I tell how
to notice a good disk-magazine.

Menu is really important part of magazine. If the menu is not good
enough, it can spoil the whole magazine. The best menus I've seen are
made by Delta Force and D.B.A. Both of them use much colours, and it
can be  even fun to  search  articles. When I'm trying to think about
the worst menu, I remember a menu by UNC (Disk Times #1). It was not
good, because it was too hard to read, and graphics was not what it
should have been. Otherwise Disk Times was (and is) very good to 
read.

Music is not very important in disk-maggies, but good alternatives in
this area are always respected. You should at least have about 3-10
blipblop-musics to choose from, and also music on/off is good to be
there. UNC had some tracker-modules in their Disk Times, and it was
really nice to hear some 'real' music. Too bad that modules eat so
much space from disk.

When  you are  reading  articles, it is not  important what  kind of
system do you use. What really matters is just how easy and pleasant
it is to read. Delta Force and D.B.A. have really great icon-driven
reading-systems, and D.B.A. also have four different fonts. But it
really doesn't matter if the system is far simpler. Again it is UNC's
great magazine that I'm telling about. There are not so many options
when  you are  reading  articles, but text scrolls  smoothly, and I
really like the ease of that.

At the end I'd like to tell the three favourite disk-magazines of
mine:
        1. Delta Force Maggie                (Great! I just love it!)
        2. D.B.A. Magazine    (Really good, but no packed text-files)
        3. Disk Times                            (Good, really good!)
        
I've also seen magazine by Untouchables, but I didn't like it. With
some changes it could become brilliant. Also I've heard about NASA's
and Galtan Six's magazines, but I haven't seen them... Ohh, and the
Toxic Waste -magazine was too much like old TLB-maggie.

Good luck to everyone who is working with disk-magazines. Your work
is extremely important to the future of ST!

                                               SANDMAN of FLASH 1992
