READERS OPINION


1.  What do you think of this magazine?

It's good!


2.  Which corner(s) are you missing?

-There could be more articles about programming. I liked the articles with 
detailed information (usually with ASM-sources) and you must go on with 
them. Now what about a new corner with some small routines that can be 
useful to everyone? Like the kind of routines that were put in the 
GFA-corner, for example the raster color routine. I hope some readers will 
send in some more of their own code! It's nice to learn form someone else's 
programs.

-A programming contest? (like "Who can write the most boring game ever 
made")

-Discussions: get somebody to write something stupid and let other people, 
who think they know better, react on it. Just like modem-users like to do 
on their bulletin boards.

-More software reviews of other software, as most reviews are about games. 


3.  What do you think of the used fonts?

Nice, but I only use the system font.


4.  Which diskmagazines do you also read?

No other, only the DBA magazine


5.  Did you find any bugs? If so, which one(s)?

No, the program works fine!


6.  Which ST do you own? (520/1040ST/STE/mega...etc.)

1040 ST with 1 meg memory.


7.  How does this magazine compare with the other ones?

I don't know. So it's time to start reading the other ones.


8.  What do you like/dislike in this magazine?

What's GREAT in the DBA-mag:
-Programming stuff, I hope there will be more in future
-Stories that are FUN to read!
-Hardware reviews
-Programs on disk like in magazine 5

What's good in the DBA-mag:
-Jokes (about Belgians)
-The "Dutchie" corner
-Readers can send in their pictures & modules
-Even the craptalk is good (that's weird 'cause it is meant to be crap 
don't you think?)

What's less good
-Articles that are NO fun to read:  about the normal all-day things (who 
cares), or about watching television (there's nothing to tell about that) 
and doing-nothing-stories (can make you fall asleep on your keyboard)
-Some CD reviews are a bit short, maybe there's more to say of the 
different songs on the CD and how they are



Opinion by  Misery of TAB


( -- commercial break -- never heard of TAB ???? It's yet another 
(6-months-old) ST "group", with TWO members (oh great..))

