REAL-TIME 2

 
00000000:05   Now all together in Platt-German "Hebbt ihr schoun uns Eiers 
sain ?"  Aber (but) all after the reihe (line)           
Well, the first of april is over now and so we started to think (think ?) of 
doing some other shit like talking in Platt-german (a very common slang in 
Hamburg). And we also thought about "celebrating" these eggs laying around 
(called "Eastern") 
 
Platt:dat geit ... wat geit ... dat hef i mi schon decht ... 
(Integer translating): whats up ? ..... it runns....  well, i already thought 
i does... 
Platt:dat mut di isenbohn pohl ropp un runner dreier sin  
Inti-wordprozessor: that must be the railroad-crossing-master ! (he is!) 
 
 
Hey ! i just saw that somebody wrote that "jet is`n Arsch !"....   well, he`s 
right !!! - CorpseGrinder: Jet is hyperdancing to Popmusik. I saw it! 
 
Integer (now going to have a sleep) 
and Jet(i) (now going to masturbate again) 
 
00:37 Hello, this is O.T.M. of the D.B.A. Most of the people around here 
are asleep or downstairs watching the beautifull Ren & Stimpy - show. 
There is still a lot of noise in this room, but it doesn't seem to bother  
the people in the rest of the building. Slimer and I have been on a quest 
for discovery involving this building. It's quite a big building, and the 
computer-freaks are all over the place. But I have to leave you people now, 
because they seem to have stolen my plastic-girlfriend.... 
 
00:37 Yes Yes, we have pasted the 400 lines boundary. 
      It's time to celebrate this by putting another beercan into 
      da' floatable rubber doll. 
 
      Cheers, Slimer 
 
01:04 Booooooooooooooooooooooeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemmmmmmmmmmmm 
      this is a leading intro of a new demo done by Synergy, what do you 
      think of this ???????? I think that the main loading credit guest 
      screen will be an videoanimation of me sitting behind this computer. 
      Bonus is standing next to me watching what i'm typing.  
      Ok slusch i'm going on my way, so go home. 
 
01 04 This was really ugly, we just had a serious discussion about the 
      future of AURA. Tomorrow we`ll see, if AURA is prepared for future  
      times...    DAN of AURA 
 
01 15 Scavy im zimmerrrr. Just spend my whole day playing SNES games (talking 
      about making yourself useful) Anyway , my fingers feel like they've 
      been broken in several places, which reminds me of that story my 
      doctor told me years ago ;'Scavy, you'll never play the voilin again!' 
      That's hunky dory doc, I never intended to play the damn thing anyway.. 
      Yes yes, it must be pretty late in the evening to come up with  
      stupid jokes like that.... 
 
1:30 Bonus think he is going to take a nap !! You know to go to sleep 
     because I want to code in the morning. So see ya all in a few hours 
     ...........ZZZZZZzzzzzzzz....... 
 
1>36 Lig Lury of New Trend is writting here for the first time. Today I`ve 
     got my Jaguar!!!! Yeah that`s cool, but I can`t play with it coz of the 
     wrong video cable. Tomorow I`ll trz to grab a cable in the city and then 
     the fun begins. 
     Mr. Bond is pretty angry, coz somebody smashed the window of his car and 
     stole his toothbrush (and some other stuff). When we got this guy, he is 
     dead. 
 
01:45 
     O.T.M. also is going to bed, and if I find anybody messing again 
with my desktop or the screen-saver of this program, I will personally  
kill him or her for that matter... 
 
02:04 Oh yeah, I'm still alive.. Waaaahhaaaaaah, I'm still alive.... Shit 
      sound is playin'thru my brain, I am quite deadly rammed down. This is 
      the state I hate, this is the state I'll regret tomorrow, this is the 
      state of da wooze... DSPDSPDSPDSPDSP... yeah... well.. I hate those 
      fukken little coke bottles from Dzjermanie... Fukk em... Okey, what is 
      going on right now? Some dudez looking moronicley to two dull PC's, 
      Mantra and Ben talking about music, d-zign, Jaguar, and everything else 
      that makes life make sense. There are some German nerds working behind 
      the blackboard I am staring at, and finally, there is me, Havoc, 
      getting a solid braindrum into my head from this klote Multitech TV... 
      Fukk it. BTW, would those lamey German dickheads please care to stop 
      talking about the Teufel, thanxx a lot. I'll now go out and talk to 
      Manta and Ben and then I'll sleep.... ZZZzZzzZzzzzZZzzzZZZZzzzZZZzZZ... 
      yeah.. Havoc going into the ultimate dream, I AM IN FACT LIVING THE 
      IMPOSSIBLE DREAM... DREAM about SILLY fukken PRODUXX.. 
 
02:59 it`s almost  3`o clock now, but i cannot understand why anybody wants 
      to sleep around here 
 
 
07:24 Everybody is still asleep, and I (O.T.M.) woke up. I could not fall 
      asleep again, so I decided to check upon the damages. It is sure a 
      good thing I did that, because my computer was turned off, and what
      would the realtime-article be without my computer. Mwaaah, I'm bored,
      I think I will have another go at fucking up Slimer's computer. 
      So goodbye for now, I'm taking of to do some real damage.

07:46 Mornin' (lets leave out the good part), why are there lamers on this
      party that want to fuck up this realtime article !?
      The only interest they got is to check out the contens of the Harddisk.
      Why bother, all the nice things and sources are all at home, hidden
      from source snatchers and other creatures.
      
      Anyway, DBA (Dead By Amiga) is what ya' need,

      Slimer

07:08 Jeder pennt !! Nur ich nicht !!! Das ist soo dooof. Ich bin so traurig
      Ich bin soooo muede !!!! Und meine dumme NAASE blutet staendig !!!
      Das ist ebenfalls seehr DOOOOOOF !!!!

      Bull

     
9:35 Well Mantra here .. At the moment everybody is waking up and is actually 
     completely bullshitting around, really stupid actually. Don't matter coz
     my head is thumpin' anyway ( at least I didn't sleep, unlike everybody 
     else who were all grabbing some zzz's  on their matrasses (wanky) or 
     sleeping-bags) THis is crap coz I have to type a carrier return after 
     every fucking sentence... So bye...]
                           MaNtRa/ DaWn

9:55 Yo. Awakenings is nothing against this. This house is coming back to life
     again. Even Toby who stole a bed from someone who tried to occupy one by 
     putting his things on one (what a stupid method for it is so easy to put 
     'em away again) is running around wondering what to do next. What a pity 
     I will leave today. But there is important deeds to be done (and today it
     is true. Try to find out things about girls again. Hopeless but important
     !!!! See ya anytime, anywhere.... Bye.

10:22  Yes yesyesyesyes...... I am back again from my sleepingbag !!!!!
       I had a marvelous nightrest, loads of sleep, only sad thing was
       that our vinyl girlfriend had a puncher so no funny games this 
       time   Bonus........................:-) 
 
10:35 Whaahhhaaaah, I'm awake again... I'm alive again, after having been in 
      pause-mode for quite some hours (well, about 4). In a few minutes I 
      will attend the local "Supermarkt", together with Manta. We will, first 
      of all, completely terrorise the PEZ refillment department here in 
      Bremen, then we will attend the "Slijterij" and just a little while 
      later we'll try to get ourselves something to eat... Havok gettin' 
      out... 
 
      P.S: OTM, nobody has turned your computer off willingly. It did that 
      itself (4 bombs just after the automatic save), and we couldn't find 
      Tempus anywhere on your harddisk. Don't blame ->me<-, blame the Mega 
      STe... 
 
10:50 Well trying to type some more useless stuff for this real-time 
      article. Hope the rest of our group (Synergy that is) will return soon, 
      hopefully they've found a place to chance our money in those strange 
      German things they call Deutsch Mark's, I reall need to get some 
      supplies, I'm HUNGRY eating only crisps and likewise food for about 
      24 houes already is killing me. Hope to get some bread or something. 
      Something healthy, as the last day has been one of Marlboro, Jack 
      Daniels, Grolsch, Coca Cola and Malibu I think, jeez I can't even 
      remember it anymore ... Hope to get more sleep than the one hour I got 
      tongiht, on the remains of the party. Well my English is turning crap, 
      so lets make an end to it ... CU Chrome/Synergy 
 
11:17 I'm awake again i've showered (just wash and go) and so i can type this 
      text and some more bullshit. Ok i'm also waiting for the guys to come 
      back and get some food from the local stores. Until now this party 
      isn't as great as last year, different rooms and nobody is speaking to 
      eachother. Last year all people where in one room and all blabbeling 
      and having fun, this year it's quiet and all german folks are afraid to 
      speak to us in english because they think they will look stupid, but it 
      is more stupid not to speak than making little mistakes.  
      :-) Wingleader/Synergy. 
 
11:25 Tscuess, tby. 
 
11:34 D.B.A. goes shopping...... 
 
11:34 Well I had to code quite hard yesterday so I didn`t write anything 
      for the Realtime Article. Now I`m going to: jmdgfncudfcdgrfcdcfbdxr   
      GREAT Party !! (Manitou/PSX) 
11:39 So,Connor of TNB on the Board.I`m very busy while composing for the 
      soundcompetition here and for the demo by TFC and INTER.So i just 
      have to say that the party is fantastic.Hi to LOT<FXL<KYNE and the ] 
      rest.Never forget that friendship is everything. 
 
12:12 Huhhh?!!! Welcome folx... This is GRAHAM of OXYRON. I guess nobody 
      knows me (or the group I am in...) but  ... who caresssszzss... 
      Nobody I guess as Oxyron is only on C64 (and a bit of Amiga (...)). 
      Hmmm... I think of releasing a short Falcon intro which is not too 
      cool as I have started to code on 68000 only a short while ago. 
      ?Out of inspiration error. 
12:20 Corpsegrinder PSX : I am awake for two hours now.I have nothing to eat 
      As Teki -another Psx member awaked thiz morning ,he was beaten by  
      manitou at first . you know teki was beaten over thousand times thiz 
      week? Imagine that!THOUSAND times infernal violence against Teki. 
      And thiz all only to get a simple feeling of happiness. "Bytebuster"  
      is back from a little trip to a hackingfriend in bremem to get hard 
      ware. He released an important information: Never driving through  
      bremen i repeat: Never driving through Bremen - Never. The streets 
      are looking like tangenswaves.  
      Hello everybody here is TEKI from PSYCHONOMIX  and after the first 
      day in bremen on the FRIED BITS EASTERN CONVENTION  I am very 
      tired but I don`t want to sleep now. 
      manitou has finished his moving routine for his landscape 
      and... it moves,it moves.it looks really nice,a true color landscape 
      with ca. 11500 plots ............................................ 
      ............... oh sorry I have to go to the supermarket now 
      and buying some food bye bye for now. 
      P.S. IHR SEID ALLE ABGRUNDTIEF HAESSLICH. 
           ICH WIEDERHOLE: IHR SEID ALLE ABGRUNDTIEF HAESSLICH. 
12:50  FXL OF TMB  
       Nur kurz, weil ich nicht viel Zeit habe: 
       Wusstet ihr schon, dass NOTGEIL nicht das selbe ist wie 
       ZWANGSLAEUFIG ? 
       ( Herzlichen Dank an Dipl.-Ing Mueller fuer die Inspiration.) 
       Bis denn, and ... keep on keeping. 
 
12:55  O.T.M. of the D.B.A. We just had lunch, and a kind of chocolate- 
       candy-fight. Everything seems to work out very well with the  
       Realtime-article. But there are still some asseholes jurking around 
       with the screensaver(s). They probably didn't read my threat!!! 
       That is actually a good thing, because that means that people are 
       WRITING and not READING!!!  
       O.T.M. out (for this time. Maybe Slimer next to me has got something 
       to say/type/write etc (doorhalen wat niet van toepassing is!!)) 
 
13;00 Eeerrhh 
 
13:01 Eeerrhh 
 
13:02 Eeeerhhh, nop, i've got no inspiration at the moment.......... 
 
13:17  scheisse, mir faellt nix ein !!! 
 
13: boredomm struck.......... 
 
13:48 Yo, this is Havoc pressing da keys randomly... I've just been to the 
      German part of this building, and it seems that everybody is quiet down 
      there or is looking dully at their boring Falcon-screens. If you want 
      to know what's going on down there, imagine dis: About 50 total nerds, 
      sitting behind their screens, coding useless bullshit, as quiet as a 
      library's reading room, talking only to their crewmembers in a very dim 
      tone and thinking they are cool becoz of their coding abilities. Dream 
      on, dudez.  
 
13:56 did ya know that although this is a coding party I just see one guy 
      codin in dis room... I feel like sleeping madly until tomorrow morning 
      10 o'clock. PSX stinks (physically) 
 
13:57 eeeehhhhhh. hmmmmppppppfffffffff. ahhhhhhhrghrgrh. errrrrr. mmmmm. 
      nwoooohhhh. Err, let's write something serious. Ehh, well let's 
      criticise the Germans at the other side of this room. Your musik is 
      shit. You act like nerds. You are Germans. Okey, nuff of that. What 
      about Pinkeltje? naahh, leave it. goodbye. 
 
14:06 So here's MaNtRa of DaWn again. well, I still haven't slept, so that 
      means I havent slept for about 30 hours now, God I'm actually feel fit 
      enough to type this shit all down for you to 'enjoy'.. well last night 
      we had a collective view upon the life of these two cult character 
      named 'REN' and ofcourse his life long pal and companion 'STIMPY' .. 
      and yes we enjoyed TWO and a Half hours of this GREAT and absolutely 
      BRILL cartoon (the Ren and Stimpy - Show that is..) All the classics 
      were there ,Muddy Mudskipper,The logg-adds,Stimpy's Storybook and LOTs 
      more of these great Cartoonies.  Well let me tell you a bit about the 
      atmosphere down here in Bremen. Well we actually have two 'sections' 
      here; the German and others-section and the Dutch-scene section... Now 
      you can guess from which section came the most noise... Yes you guessed 
      it , it certainly WAS the Dutch-section. No coding , No pixeling, just 
      watching demo's drinking shitty drinks, pissing eachother off and just 
      generally having Loads of teenie bits of PURE MINDLESS UNADULTERED 
      F U  N!!!! (Now where have I heard that before..) So the Dutch section 
      is having some sort of amusing type of thingies to do (like HAVOC 
      watching me type this shit (at least he's not saying HU HU again( If 
      you remember it , he was doing it before quite a few hours.. (OH NO 
      he's doing it AGAIN!!)))  It's nice to notice though that he actually 
      has nothing really interesting to say but LULLIG HE!!, wel to some of 
      you that might translate as 'DICKY EH?' but to us DUTCH folks it's 
      really normal to sayzat <= BEN of MEGA4 wanted to type THAT, SO excuse 
      me for typing THE biggest shit in the world just to fill it up a bit, 
      but as long as you are not complaining (wich I actually won't here coz 
      I won't be there!), SO i wont type any shit anymore. Havoc now takes 
      over the system. Well, what's up at the moment? It stinks in here. 
      Dunno why. In fact, I do know, but I won't tell coz I don't want to 
      offend anyone (take a bath, dude). Manta is now playing some Spaceballs 
      module for just about the seventh million time, and that is not 
      something that keeps one interested very long. I am now typing as fast 
      as hell, so this artikle will grow like some shitty Dutch cabbage (the 
      style of it that makes you stink from every hole that is connected to 
      you your central nerve system, or, in other words, which makes you 
      stink like totally crazy hell. Well, i gues I am now typing around 200 
      characters a minute, and that really does add up to the immense massive 
      vast unbelievable bigness of this hugely interesting article. Having 
      some coke now. Wait a sec, let's make this really realtime. What is 
      happening right this moment? (Stopped the coke-drinkin just afew 
      seconds ago). Everyone is gazing at a picture which Tijmen had had 
      raytraced some time ago. The picture says SENTRY. Surprise. They are 
      now going to abuse my Falcy in order to stretch the fucking picture. Da 
      lame Falcon they were working on first doesn't even have a painting 
      program with stretch option on it's harddisk. Tijmen is looking DULLly 
      at my screen, he probably doesn't understand my boot-up procedure. Oh, 
      I've got to go, Slimer tells me, but I don't care, I am still allowed 
      to type one complete sentence, and I can stretch one sentence quite a 
      lot, can't I, yes I can, I can S T R E T C H it, Pinkeltje, 
      hahahahahaha, longest sentence in this article, might this be a new 
      world record, maybe not, I don't care, STRETCH, really getting long 
      now, I don't know when I'll have enough of dis, not so soon probably, 
      coz I can annoy a certain person a bit this way, what a bullshit, still 
      makes this sentence longer than it was before, he is getting angry, 
      that's just what I wanted, he's going away, yes, now he says I am 
      annoyed, but I am not, he is, he is he is he is he is, I am not 
      annoyed, and I am not going to get stinky in my mouth becoz of the 
      pukey peanut crisps which are eaten by Slijmbal, oh he's coming back, 
      he's looking pissed indeed, Bonus is a vriendelijk persoon coz he gives 
      Mantra a coke, which mantra instantly mixes with his rieslinger wein, 
      and slimer's getting pissed, pissed, yes yes yes, hahahahaha, this is 
      going on forever, Mantra says this isn't a sentence anymore, and Slime 
      is trying to talk me away from this. He has succeeded. let's go on. 
 
15:21 MaNtRa at the keyboard again and for anyone for whom it's possible to 
MISSPELL my pseudo; It's MANTRA ( this one is especially for you HAVOC) Well 
onto a brighter note then I guess, so the bullshit continues with yet another 
part of QWERTY incorporating   the sex-life of Ren and STimpy (maybe?) okay 
her we go:        QWERTY goes to a coding-party? (NAAAH, boooring!)   
 
 
  maybe this:   QWERTY and the real-time article: Back into DBA mag!  
 
 
On a sunny rainy day when the Rainbow was shining on the merry keys of ST. 
Atari and his merry followers named Slimebollocks, there was a cry from the 
sunny side of the dark forrest where QWERTY was living at that time. QWERTY 
was startled and he soon discovered what made the PERSON (becoz it was that 
that he ussumed that could have made that crying noise which penetrated his 
ears and touched his nervey endings and caused him to be startled!) it was 
the PBA Nevere to be released beatbox version of the song 'OUTER SPACE' by 
the PrOdIgY which would have sounded pretty nice if it wasn't for the 
slimebollocks ruining that groovvy sound with their Gregorian Chants adapted 
from an original soundtrack by some Spanish monks for the movie 'Space monks 
go on safari using their amazing God-like powers to build a Cathedral'... 
 But, who was this PERSON crying out of the sunny parts of the dark forest? 
Well QWERTY wasn't sure yet but he was ready to assume it would be a man (coz 
his cry was kinda opera-like and very BASSY) But then he saw who it was, it 
was a fat, short man with a beard and a HANDKERCHIEF, yes you read it 
correctly, a handkerchief, and his name ; his name was FLAPPEROTTI (there is 
a joke in there somewhere, try to find it!) Flapperotti was crying loudly, 
'WHY?' you might ask yourself, well, he was crying because he lost his 
favourite KNOCK (ed-up) WURST and he really didn't know were it went, when 
QWERTY discovered where this man could be located ,he put his dick back into 
us onderbroek (lost the English  translation right there!), washed his hands, 
 put on a clean pair of lederhosen  and went on his way to the coding party. 
As soon as he arrived there, he noticed some guys who were looking at him 
strangely. Were they gay? No, they were smelling him. Cool beans. No, Mexican 
beans, he had eaten them yesterday evening. They stink. Not at the moment you 
eat 'em, but a fuckin' hell of a lot more the day after. So when he entered 
the coding party convention hall, he thought that maybe his fellow Dutch 
freax wouldn't smell him. But still, his thoughts had been preshifted 
wrongly. They all smelled him. Badly. That's why they all left the sleeping 
room he was lying in, and went downstairs for another beer.  
***** COMMERCIAL BREAK ****** 
 
16:38 Psychonomix Corps: thanx to synergy for the microwave! 
 
16:40 Things are looking better by the moment for the demo's so lets wait and 
see wait is cumming to us this weekend.. 
 
16:50 Yeah! Yep! Yes! (And all those thing that go with it!).  Powapixel is 
here again.  So far I've been around the party/gathering to see all those who 
I know.  Hmmm... the FALCON sounds tempting, with its capabilities.  Right 
now I want to get some more sleep, but there's too much happening to miss it 
all.  I played some more tennis against Rapido (Synergy) and like before I 
was beaten.  Risk are rather busy coding Falcon applications, and from what I 
saw yesterday Lazer have done a good load of work for their entry into the 
competition.  I'm hungry... must EAT!!!  PoWa over 'n' out... end trans. 
Hi! This is Thyroxin of Avena writing some shit ! 
 
17:10 About an hour ago Slimer asked me friendly to piss off, and after 
      bragging on about the other people who would (according to him) be 
      wanting to write something for the realtime article, I decided to let 
      him have his own childish way. Now, a noticeable slice of time later, 
      there's just some 500 bytes of text more since I left this Mega. But 
      now I don't have any inspiration anymore. Any lack of size in this 
      article is Slimer's own fault. 
      Nahnahnahnahnahanahanahanahanahnaahanahanahanahanahanahnahanahanahanahan
      ahanahbnahanahanahanahnahanahanahanahnanahanahanahnahahnahyanahanahnahan
      bhanayhhanahanahnahahnahh. Yo, this was havoc. I'm getting bored 
      somewhere out here in the utter spae of my incredible mind. Yo. 
 
17:57 Well, what the fuck!!!! This text is typed just five minutes after the
 powerfailure. I had to reinstall Tempus again. I saw Powa struggling
 with my disk. He was on the right track, but yeah I know my computer
 like nobody else. But all credits go to Powa, for keeping cool under 
 difficult times. O.T.M. out.


