REAL-TIME 6
 
10:00 AND HERE'S SOMETHING I PREPARED EARLIER: 
 
(Opschieten, Roberto...) 
(Doe mijn doppen uit, weirdo) 
 
hErE GoEs: 

         >>> Pinkeltje Part VI : The Heroic Saga Continues ! <<< 
 
Good morning to all of my dear readers. As you might have noticed some time 
ago, I have been editing a plethora of stories inspired upon Pinkeltje, a 
true Dutch youth hero. Ever since I started editing this maddeningly boring 
saga, I have encountered some cultural nobodies from all over the world who 
did not even know who Pinkeltje is, was and will be. For those illiterates, 
I have composed the following summary of Pinkeltje's life. Non-morons may 
scroll down to more interesting parts of the story. 
 
In the very beginning, Pinkeltje was a very happy midget. He was the 
leading actor in books and films such as "Pinkeltje and the Wolf", 
"Pinkeltje in Giants' Land" and "Pinkeltje goes for a walk". However 
exciting this life was for a midget, Pinkeltje eventually got bored by the 
childish tone of writing his manager (Prick Laan). He searched many a year 
for a new manager, eventually finding not only one, but three. These three 
were the magnificent Mantra, OTM and Havoc. In his search for stardom 
Pinkeltje signed a cut-throat contract with these three managers, in which 
he declared that he would act in any commercial production they wanted him 
to. This led to the sad fact that he got abused in books like "Pinkeltje In 
Outer Space", "Pinkeltje Part II: Exploding Mushrooms!" and "Pinkeltje 
ventures into Super Mario Land". Pinkeltje wasn't at all pleased with these 
novels, but because of his contract he had to show up in them. After he 
managed to survive these hard years of torture, he decided to start his own 
audiovisual company. This resulted in some of his very best productions, 
not infected by the drunk state of any of his managers. He finally made the 
big money he had always wanted to make with exciting products like, for 
instance, "The Pinkeltje Way of Rolling a Joint" (together with a French 
dude whose pseudo should be in front of an old Sicklair computer), 
"PlayDwarve" and "My Beard is Longer Than Yours, Anyway...". This is the 
summary I wanted to supply you with in short, now enjoy the most exciting 
literary experience ever... 
 
(will be continued some time later) 
 
(some time later: I won't continue now) 
 
(when will the reinforcement for typing this article come?) 
 
(ome henk is playing!) 
 
10:15 This is O.T.M. hello mom, I am awake, and alive I think?!? 
 
10:15"30 Hello this is MaNtRa and I'm alive too, this is the last typing 
which uses my great 'hey I'm alive but frying my bit's'-writing technique so 
if you really thing the bull-part's over ,GUESS AGAIN!!     Okee, the next 
part I'm going to bulshit about a plant, There seems to be this plant that 
has 5 fingers, (its called a fingerplant) if use this plant by rubbing it 
gainst your cunt aka your dick you will feel an arousing sensation creeping 
up from your butthole.... If you don't your dick is fried or you're 
completely frigid. You know OTM's MEGA STe is really bull, it makes the most 
hiddeous noises, and it bombed a lot of times, but hey, it didn't the last 
few sentences.... But if it should, there would be a real cult-article lost 
for preservation, no shit for posterity, now that's a real DISASTER..  Get in 
touch with your feminin  side, and if you are one , hell spread em...   Wanky 
of synergy is shaving his butt, yes it's realtime; still contained within a 
VBL even on VGA, and it looks better too, but then everybody would improve 
after a shave esp. after approximately 4 day's in this hellhole of bremen, 
though it really was fun being there. Well as I'm hearing the 'Ome Henk' 
rendition of  'SnowWhite' , bit trancey,housey style, it goes like 
this,:snowwhite!! where are you, Yes it is! NO it isn't! yes it is !No it 
isn't Yes it is! No it isn't! Yo YO. Yo YO, Get the fuckup. Snowwhite where 
are you!!...... .. . . andso on. REALLY COOL INNIT, Special greetings to 
POWAPIXEL (krachtpuntje) if you're reading this Ben : you're fun to be 
around, had a nice time, see ya around some time... end of msg.  Where 
fuckin' around the X-mess tree, have a Merry anyday, You sell them for 
nought, you fuck 'em ,you ought. End wie will sie aboaut zat, ent iv joe 
woont zen joe aar a bch heeroo ov mein!! (I Think) but if this text REALLY 
REALLY was enjoyable to you, you are really sick, a party-dude or just don't 
have a social-life. For the last part :'GET A SHRINK!!!' maybe he can sort 
YOUR problems out. Naah, just kiddin' ya there boyz, trying to clip my nails 
while de-vommitizing my hair and seeing of the monitor has a stupid scart 
interface-cable shit.. (now whats he going on about?, even I don't really 
know why I'm doing this, but If you do write me a letter at Mantra/DaWn 
     BurmaniaStrjitte 11, 8633 KA Ysbrechtum Holland, and If you really are 
that mad, well hell You're a FUN guy!! Special hi to JOVIS: Hi you really 
missed something maybe see you on another party, don't switch to PC, there 
were such good demo's here and some don't even use the DSP, brilliant... 
   Ithink it's time to sign off, don't matter you'll probably see some stuff 
by me again in a few hours so don't despair, sorry for the non-weird text; 
but I was just out of inspiration... bye MaNtRa.... 
 
ok this is again TEKI OF PSYCHONOMIX on the keyboard and to(s)day 
is the 4th of april and the FRIED BITS II is nearly finished 
yesterday evening they showed some nice FALCON demos on a bigscreen 
with a videoprojector,some very good demos from lazer,avena and so on. 
now it`s 12 o` clock and in some minutes we drive home (to the south of HH) 
AND then we have one week holidays were we want to finish our demos , 
one for ARCHIMEDES and one for FALCON. 
BYE BYE. 
P.S. DER SATAN WIRD EUCH ALLE HOLEN. 
 
10:56 TEKI, DO YOU SERIOUSLY THINK YOU'RE COOL? YOU'RE NOT. 
 
11:00    Here's MaNtRa, yes the man with the shit is back, now not just 
boring you to death this time, but also making lots of spelling mistakes coz 
I just don't wanna correct them anymore so f..k you! if ya wanna shit all 
over it, Mega-safe_winged_superPersil-Perla-pearls done on an St cubuse 
proggie using NVDI on tha falcon, never using that usefull feature in your 
demo that you can switch the res yourself!!. but anyhow as Havoc would say:" 
bah, humbug!!2 or were that the MEGA 4? well I wouldn't care either there 
both wicked persons(?) aw god, gimme the strenght to convert this shit into 
even more shit, so if you just would send down the people who created Ren and 
Stimpy so that I can safely sing: Happy Happy, Joy Joy!' and still believe in 
my satanic kwalities as a dastardly dumb painter whose best graphs aren't 
even in a demo coz there still crap... esp. after seeing McFly's pics!! 
drool, drool. well Slimer needs this computer so wrap... 
 
 
11:25 All the people are almost gone, the rest of synergy have already left 
the building. I hope we can leave in an hour because i have to go to school 
tommorrow. The mugwups are still asleep and nobody seems to have their demo, 
just like the Lazer demo. 
 
Ok goodbye and see you all next year !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!] 
Wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggggggggggggggl
lllllllllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddddddddddddd
dddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer 
 
 
11:27 We are almost at the end of this megaparty, most of the scene haveleft 
the building. 
My mommy is also waiting for me............ 
 
Bonus looks depressed, sleepy and fuckin' ugly (and so do I) !! 
Braindead 
Braindead 
 
We are actually waiting for those demo's of Lazer and Mugwumps, but the 
Mugwumps seems to be in deep coma or have left this building. 
Lazer needs another two hours to solve da bugs..... 
 
B.T.W. How the hell got NPG on the second place (?) coz' everybody here 
       like the Mugwumps demo more !!! 
       Friendjespolitiek (bruin tot aan de elleboog)  
 
S o D B A 
 
12:11 How the fuck kan anyone be so lame? Talk like shit, saying nothing for 
all a weekend, talking dumb, pretending you're dumb and then think you're 
cool. Who is this? I'll give you a hint :  NO!.    That should do it 
allright. Goodbye, from your lieve leesvriendje Havoc. Ik snap niet waarom 
die maffe oosterburen zo naar het scherm van deze kutmega staan te staren. 
Vinden ze mij interessant of is het hardware anti-aliasing die dit 
fantastische scherm zo heerlijkjes vertoont. Ik ga niet stoppen met 
Nederlands te schrijven totdat alle oosterburen zijn afgenokt. Nog maar 1 
over, oh nee, toch twee. Ik ga gewoon door met typen totdat die lullen weg 
zijn en dat die stinkoosterlui opfucken. Het interresseert me geen fuck. Nu 
zijn het er al weer drie. Fuck togh eens op. Ik begin me nou te ergeren. Die 
lul met de bril begint arrogant te lullen. Wat een wazige eikel. Toch blijf 
ik typen totdat ze weg zijn. De fraudeurs staan ook hier, krijg nou volledig 
de grafkanker. Ze gaan bewegen, des te sneller van hier, des te liever voor 
mij. Rot nou toch een heel teringeind op! Er ztaat nu ook nog een lul te 
vertellen dat hij niet is uitgenodigd. Rot op (fuck er stond een ossie naar 
m'n scherm te loeren). Shit, het worden er steeds meer. Ze denken zeker dat 
ze nu de Dutch Scene kamer kunnen overnemen. Ik hoop echt dat de andere 
dutchies die hier zijn dit niet doorvertellen, die kolerelijers zouden eens 
moeten weten. Een lul die het hele weekend heeft zitten coden begint nu te 
lullen dat hij het zielig vindt dat alle oossies allen maar zitten te coden. 
Hou je arrogante kutbek. Dit zijn asociale boerekankerlullen. Rot toch op. 
Voor mijn idee worden het er minder. dat vind ik een prettige ontwikkeling. 
Rot op kolereoosterburen. Fuck off! Jullie staan lullig te stinken, en rot 
nou op hufters. Kolerleijers. Dit worden onwijze takkeslaggings vanuit een 
lekker nationa,listisch oogpunt. Maar ik typ door totdat ze weg zijn. Snel 
hoop ik. ROT NOU TOCH GODVERDOMME OP. kolerelijers. Nou doet 'ie net alsof ie 
de hele scene kent. Dat kan misschien wel zo zijn, maar hou toch maar je 
kolere m*ffebek. En plaats die stinkreet van je ergens anders dan voor mijn 
neus. Je stinkt, kutfreddy. I love to slag off. Joy joy. Schiet jezelf toch 
af gore kutm*f. Flikker op met je ego-gelul, hufter. Het werd gestolen erg 
hoor. Nou ben je cool met je verhaaltje. Bek dicht, hufter. Ik denk niet dat 
Boontje (die naar dit scherm loert) er ene fuck van snapt. Maar goed ook. Nou 
gaat die koleremof een fake-joint draaien met z'n anti-coole apparaartje en 
hij gaat net doen alsof hij ruig is. Is ie niet, by the way. Ik rot niet op 
totdat de kolere oosterburen weg zijn. Just one left. Dank je, dank je heer 
in de hemel. Flikker op laatste duitse lul. Ik geef je twintig seconden. Ah 
bah, rot op, je staat vlak achter m'n rug te meuren stinklul. Fuck op. Als je 
nou nog niet oprot ga ik schreeuwen over fijftig jaar geleden. sta niet zo 
dom te loeren, eikel. Fuck op. Still one to go. You stink uit je muil. Als je 
nou toch een SS'er bent, doe dan ook je pak aan. He, een SS'er met een 
staart, kan dat wel? nou ja, dit wordt een kolere lange slagging, en ik ga 
niet weg voordat het hier moffevrij is. Kan wel even duren want de Dutch 
scene zit tegen hem te lullen. Rot even op koleremof. Vuile stinkoosterbuur, 
ga je tanden poetsen ofzo, er zit bruine troep tussen. As a matter of fact, 
your fingers aren't that clean either. Je kleren zijn ook aan een vervanging 
toe, als je ze tensminste van die aangekoekte stinkhuid kunt aftrekken. 
RRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT OOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPP 
!!!!!!!!! Ja hij gaat !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 
J  I  P  P  I  E 1 1 1 
 
 
Ni! 
 
 
    * <- dit is byte 143000 (hoer he) 
 
Ik wil naar huis, lullen. 
 
Ja dat mag je , Roberto. Leuk dat je het zo vriendelijk vraagt. Je mag .... 
nu!: 
 Best wel een beetje lief van je hoor, havocje. But on a brighter mote... 
dikke mute hoor die omega demo, na die Wugmumps ben ik wel verwend, bye bye 
omega... Jezus wat een eikel komt zo'n duitser met een verhaal, hebben we die 
eikel vertelt dat GROTESQUE een screensaver is, en die LUL gelooft het ook 
nog, uitleg EBORM virtual memory natuurlijk, dacht ie, zwetse...  maar die 
muziek op de achtergrond blijft echt wel goed, FRONT 242 rulez supreme!! we 
gaan nu MUGWUMPS wegjat 
 
13:00 .Now Leviathan of Light on the keyboard. 
It is now 01.pm on monday the party will end in 2 hours only 
2 demos were finshed. 
 
OK Now an important Information: 
WHO want to develope just contact Light,P.O Box 1141 , D`25801 Husum 
Germany 
 
13:05 AGENT t here...my first and last text ...(enjoy my truecolor-pic)... 
13:10 Candyman of Cream sitting next to me and now we drive home....bye 
 
13: 24 This is O.T.M. again, ending this realtime-article for the second 
time. We stopped first, but we decided to let it continue for another little 
while. resulting in the fact that we have some more bytes filled. The rest of 
the D.B.A. is copying the MEGA-COOL demo from LAZER. We are going to leave in 
a little while, so Bonus and  I decided to end the Realtime-article at this 
moment.  
 
D.B.A SENDS IT'S GREETINGS TO EVERYBODY WE KNOW, AND TO EVERYBODY WHO WAS 
HERE AT THIS PARTY. 
WE ALSO WANT TO THANK, THE ORGANIZATION FOR THIS COOL PARTY.  
 
We hope to see you all soon in a near future. 
 
D.B.A. SIGNING OFF... 
 
