XLR8 COMPOSER


THE NEW XLR8 MUSIC COMPOSER...

This programme makes it easier to make chip music in. 
In the early days of music programming people used to make music in just
an assembler. Nowadays musiceditors are very popular coz more and more
people want to make music in an easy way.

One of the first was Trisound from Insignia. It was a nice editor which
worked in the same way as Noisetracker, a digi-editor. It also featured
digi-drums. Days went by and there came MusicMon from Galactic. A
Commercial programme which was about the same as Trisound but without 
digi-drums. Many guys liked the programme but it missed many things.
Megatizer was the solution to all those things: digi-drum, buzz-sound and
several other very nice features. But, it wasn't good enough according to
some musicians. It didn't work on some types of (MEGA)ST(E)'s so it was
wortheless. Not that it's a bad programme, I know guys who use it a lot.

The very solution to all these problems is just a single teeny weeny file
on this disk: The XLR8 Music Composor.

This editor is able to do all functions except for the digi-drums which
will be included in the future.

It's based upon a simple method of music-making so everybody can make 
music, even your little baby-sister. It's designed to work stressless with
so much music can be produced.

This demo-version contains all features from the original one except for
the save-function and the new Sid-voice effect which allows you to create
new-style voices with a special sound which is fully edittable.

The full version of the editor will be sold in the future with all the
features you need to make outrageous music.

The editor has a very enhanced voice-editor to create your own voices in
a simple way.

With this version several musics are included such as the music of this
magazine and some converted tunes. For more details read XLR8_CHP.TXT.
The musics are made and converted by Iso of Sentry and one tune, Enchanted
Lands Tune, is converted with help from Mac of Sentry.

I hope you have fun using this programme, it gives you an impression about
our work.
                                              
                                                    - Iso of Sentry/XLR8 -



