STE DEMO'S REVIEWS
                            STE demo reviews
                            ----------------

   This article probably doesn't have all the existing STE demos in it's
judgement, but I hope I haven't miss anything important (if I have, please
send me that demo, and I'll review it later)...
   Let's start from some smaller demos:

                             AN COOL on STE
   This is the first STE demo I ever saw. There are some rasters as an
example of STE's new palette. You can hear a little looping sample,
which is played through the stereo-ports. Oh, and of course there is
a bigger than the screen picture bouncing in eigth directions...
   Because this is the oldest this can't be the best, but it is still
good to look once or twice!

                               GCS-LIGHT
                               ---------
   This demo was made by LIGHT. It is rather old now, but it is still one
of my favourites. There is Earth (satellite-picture) bouncing all around
the screen (this Earth is larger than the screen) as a background.
   On the Earth there are three 4-bitplane balls going all over the area
(they have letters G, C and S on them). The music is ripped from Amiga,
and it's played very well (but without volume-controlling)...
   This demo needs only one file (160kb), and should work on all STEs.
You should really have it in your collections.

                               CD-PLAYER
                               ---------
   This player is also made by LIGHT, and it is the first program, that
really showed what you can do with your STE's sound!
   I don't explain what does this "demo" look like, but you should have
it! It still is great to play around with this proggie...

                               X-MAS demo
                               ----------
   This demo is some kind of slide-show. It has many grey-shaded pictures
that are scrolled to screen. At the lower border there is IMAGINA's logo
and the usual jumping scrolline.
   Oh no, I forgot to tell you, that there is also an intro sequence with
one picture and flying Santa Claus. The music is ripped from Amiga, so
I can't tell what I think of it...

   That was enough of those little demos. Now here comes a little part
about bigger demos. I don't review each and every screen from these demos,
I only give a number from 0-10 and tell you what was extremely good and
what was bad...

                            VGA-SHOW by LIGHT
                            -----------------
   Wow! Here is not music, sprites or scrollers, here are only a couple
of nice pictures. They are all VGA-pictures (256 colours!), which are
taken from PC. Pictures are excellent, and they really show you what you
can do with your STE's graphics... I give 8 for this.

                       SOMETHING LIKE THAT by MCS
                       --------------------------
   This is the first megademo made for STE. Lotsa scrolling effects and
tracker-music have been included in this demo. Too bad, the musics (at
least some of them) have been taken from Amiga. Graphics is quite a usual,
but not bad at all. Maybe 7.5 would fit for this demo...

                        THE CORPORATION MEGADEMO
                        ------------------------
   This is very nice demo. This doesn't have main-menu (why?), but there
are some rather good screens. As always the musics are ripped, and even
some graphics is ripped. If I should give a number it would be 7 (code is
quite a good, but too much ripped stuff)...

   No more demos this time! If I missed your mega-super-hyper-cool-demo,
you should send it to me. It will be reviewed at the next magazine. Thanx.

                                                    SANDMAN of FLASH 1992
