ABOUT THE SCENE AND D.B.A.
 ~DROPS.FIL~
  ~BRIEF1.BLK~ 
                 ..............................
                 ABOUT THE SCENE AND THE D.B.A.
                 .............................
                 

INTRODUCTION
 
The D.B.A. is a group of enthusiastic Atari users from the Netherlands. 
Many of its members are Atari supporters from the very beginning, from the 
time that the good old eight bits computers (600/800(XL)) ruled. We followed 
Atari through their ups 'n downs, always 'fighting' against our/their  
Commodore rivals. Many diehard Atari users have defended their company
against PC-users who claimed that Atari only made video games and consoles.
After several years Atari finally managed to convince the world that they 
also made good personal computers ...  The ST became a hit (more than 
three million are sold) and Atari seemed to become a second Apple-like company.
All looked well until everything started to fall apart!  
Now, the PC-users have won the battle and have taken over the whole computer-
market and Atari is back in the console business. They are not even good
enough to sell consoles anymore, although they were the leaders once! 

The biggest competitor of Atari, Commodore is finished and that is the only
tiny victory that Atari can claim ... 

The Atari scene has shrunk to only a handful of freaks who still support
their company, even if their company let them down. In the many years that we
are freaks we have never seen some support from Atari (not even in the Warner
days). I believe that this is one reason that the computer scene 
was born - out of discontent. The PC had no scene a couple of years ago 
because there, was enough support and soft/hardware for it. People could just
enter any computershop and find there what they needed. The main reason for
the rising of the PC scene is probably the fact that many Commodore and Atari
freaks have bought a PC and continue their work on these machines. Without
the scene, Atari would have been dead and buried a long time ago. The only
thing that can keep the Atari(Falcon)scene alive, is to produce software for
it. Thanks to Alliances like the Independent, Magnetic Interlude and indivi-
dual crews like E.K.O., Digital Chaos and others, the scene is still alive
and kicking!


NOW FOR A BRIEF HISTORY

How it all started,

Two guys have formed the Diskbusters Association about six years ago 
they were only interested in swapping software. We had always admired those 
demo-crews with their fancy names and their great demos. We wanted to
establish a name on the scene, too (you know getting greeted by all the other
crews). There was a small problem however. We couldn't code (at least nothing
spectacular) so real fame would be probably out of the question. Anyway
another guy joined our ranks but he could only code some STOS stuff.

Then one day, we saw a small intro from one of our contacts. We were 
impressed even if it wasn't anything really mind-boggling. This guy was the 
break we have been waiting for, a real coder!  He came by a week later
and he agreed upon doing some coding for us. A few months later the 'Batman
demo Classic' hit the scene that was nothing more than a scrolline and a
looped sample (including level indicators). The next project was the 
first(Multi screen) demo that got released half a year later or so. Bonus did 
not do it all alone though, his friend helped occasionally. Bonus Software and 
his friend K.G.E. pulled off a second (multi screens) demo which contained more 
spectacular effects than the first one and can still be considered as one of 
the better pure GFA megademos for the ST.  


THE D.B.A. IDEA FOR A DISKMAGAZINE,

In previous D.B.A. magazines you could read about this event so let us keep 
it short. It all started when a contact of mine from Sweden decided to visit 
our beloved country. He was the former editor of INC Magazine and he had 
joined the ranks of D.B.A. after they split-up. It was the summer holiday andwe 
all were together. The idea of a magazine was born in this period.
However, we wanted to make it kind of special. It had to be different from the
rest, it had to have a custom shell instead of the standard GEM pull down
menus. Bonus came up with a good idea and he could hardly wait to start with
it.


A few months later we launched our first magazine (Oct. '91) with success and
a second one followed rapidly. Spectacular changes in the shell took place as 
both coders gained more knowledge. We really pulled it off with magazine six 
that contained all new features and had a stunning intro by Synergy. This all 
happened on the Atari ST(E) ... Now we are back on the Falcon with a shell that 
is Falcon worthy, making use of most of the machines features. We formed a new 
Alliance on the Falcon for diskmagazines called 'Magnetic Interlude', which has 
to insure a better future for the diskmags on the Falcon !   


EXPLANATION,

The D.B.A. produceses diskmagazines and other P.D. software for fun and to 
keep especially the Dutch Atari scene rolling. Beside the members of the
D.B.A. us also have formed a new magazine team that consists of some members
of other groups. With this new impulse we hope to continue our work and give
the magazine a new shot of live.  
   ~DBA_BIG.BLK~
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
This is the current member status of the D.B.A. and the magazine team, 
 
 
THE DISKBUSTERS ASSOCIATION, 
 
Slimer         : Main-editor, swapping and some graphics and coding. 
Bonus Software : GFA coder, graphics and co-editor. 
K.G.E.         : ASM/GFA coder and some articles. 
O.T.M.         : ASM/GFA coder and some articles. 
Sonic          : Music. 
 
MAGAZINE-TEAM, 
 
Havoc/Giants      : Articles/Graphics. 
Flash             : Articles, mods and stuff.


New members for the magazine team are of course welcome to join. Articles, 
news, graphics and modules are also welcome, so send in your stuff and keep
the D.B.A. magazine on its feet. ~PENPAPER.BLK~
  
            
                           
See you in our mailbox, 

Slimer
  ~BRIEF2.BLK~
~PURPER.PAL~



