BOOM PREVIEW
~ORGANIC.FIL~
----------------------
BOOM PREVIEW BY N.P.G. 
----------------------
     By Slimer
     
     
All sorts of rumours about the development of a game by N.P.G. have been
floating around for quite a while now. People where already wondering if
it wasn't just another project that never would see the light of day. Lets
face it how many projects for the Falcon have been canceled over the last
two years. Now the Boompreview by N.P.G. is released, it's a kind of a
dentro with playable parts of their forthcoming game in it. It looks quite
good and contains some high standard coding ! Time for a closer look at
the goods,

PRESENTATION
------------

The demo is quite big (around 3 meg.) and will probably never run of a
disk. But that's no problem, I would gladly offer several megabytes of my
Harddrive for a nice game. The Boompreview also takes quite an amount of
memory, forcing me to boot without the resident stuff. After you finally
double click on the start-up icon you will get to hear an excellent module
by Domm (A.M.) and see an auto text routine. A very nice touch is the fact
that people with speed upgrades (e.g. 32 MHz. accelerators)get supported !
After some more text a nice raytraced picture comes gliding in followed by
some more stuff. Before you enter the first part of the game you will be
presented with a huge red 'colorcycled' word, spelling Boom.

THE MAIN PART
-------------

The main part of Boom appears to be a vertical shoot-em up with very nice
background graphics. The whole lot scrolls very smooth still accompanied
by the same module. They only have created one level to play in and it
contains one type of enemy. Add some more enemies, levels and soundeffects
and you will have a very nice game. So even if the rest wouldn't work out
it wouldn't be a bad idea to finish and release this part of Boom. So on
we go to see the rest....

LANDSCAPE
---------

This is the part of Boom that most of us already know from the 'Plastikk
Vibrations' demo. It's the helicopter part where you can fly over a
virtual reality landscape. The part presented in this preview is an impro-
ved version. With an 32 MHz. accelerator the landscape will scroll smooth
and fast but even without an accelerator it will be acceptable. I wonder
what will happen if you add flying enemies, effects and sound to the whole
thing !? Before I continue I would like to mention that NO DSP code was
used in this part, which is quite amazing !

VR-MAZE
-------

Here we go with another texture mapped 3D virtual reality maze. I've seen
several clones but we're still waiting for that DOOM game !! By the way
what has this VR-Maze to do with a helicopter game ? It's probably hasn't
but is just a little demostration of a hopefully forthcoming DOOM or at
least Wolfenstein game. There are some extra options in this maze, like a
resizable playing area. You can either use the mouse or keyboard to move
through the maze.

END PART
--------

Nothing fancy here but some text like credits and greetings. N.P.G. is
asking for response on this preview to motivate them to release it on 
the Falcon. Well here's my personal response: The stuff you showed looks 
quite good, please release it. There are no decent games for the Falcon
and probably never will (at least in big amounts)so don't let it be
another dead born baby. If all of us create some quality goods every now
and then, the Falcon could carry on for several years to come !!

Before I leave you all, I would like to mention that this demonstration
runs on both R.G.B. and V.G.A. monitors ! I wished that every demo crew
would consider making their stuff work on V.G.A. !! 
~GREEN.PAL~
