SAY CHEESE !!
~WAVE.FIL~

()()()()()()()() Cheeses of the World (Unite?) ()()()()()()()()()

      But first, I don't want to sound paranoid, however..

The  last  two  or  three times I  have  received  something  from 
Holland, it has been opened by these chaps..

  HM Customs and Excise
  Postal Depot
  Charlton Green
  Dover
  Kent CT16 1EH

The little explanatory note follows..

"We  chose  to  have  this letter/packet opened  as  part  of  our 
selective  checks  for drugs or other prohibited goods  which  are 
sometimes concealed in letter mail."

"This is the only reason it was opened and we assure you that  the 
privacy of correspondence is always respected."

"The law requires the Post Office to produce to us selected postal 
packets  and  if  necessary  to open  them  for  our  examination. 
Authority  for this is contained in Regulations 11 and 12  of  the 
Postal Packets (Customs and Excise) Regulations 1986."

Which is fair enough,  but this has happened three times recently, 
once with an issue of ST-News (issue 9.3),  and twice with letters 
from  DBA..  This must mean that British customs have assessed DBA 
as  being  twice  as  likely to corrupt  my  morals  than  Richard 
Karsmakers and ST-News!! (Ha! what morals?) 

Perhaps DBA really stands for "Drugs By Airmail!?"

Now on to the main stuff..

('Borrowed' from the Inconceivable Sci-Fi Convention literature..)

There  are many types of cheese available in the World.  In  fact, 
the  amount of different kinds is staggering.  You just would  not 
believe the number of different types available.  The majority are 
produced  synthetically by industry or on  specialised  farmsteads 
but  some occur naturally - these however,  can usually be removed 
with the application of a little warm water and some soap.

So  here  below is a quick look at just some of  the  cheeses  you 
could be sampling this weekend.
 
  -Canadian Beaver Cheese-

Probably  the  most startling thing about this cheese is  not  its 
taste  or  texture,  but the fact that beavers can make cheese  at 
all.

Goes particularly well, ironically enough, with beaver meat.

  -Fwaaaar Cheese-

Made  mostly in Holland,  this cheese is manufactured not so  much 
for  eating,  as for finding.  Its unique round shape allows it to 
roll out of the carrier bag into the boot of your car as you drive 
home from the supermarket.  There it will stay,  as its small size 
and reflective wrapping make it almost impossible to find for some 
time.  Weeks  will  pass and you will start to notice  an  unusual 
smell,  only  slight,  and  impossible  to trace.  You will  spend 
endless hours checking your feet for dog poo and wondering  "Where 
the  bloody hell is that smell coming from?" After some weeks  you 
will find it lurking in the corner of your car boot. ON NO ACCOUNT 
ATTEMPT TO SMELL IT as blindness will normally occur,  followed by 
violent retching.

If it fails to fall out of your bag in the car,  fear not, it will 
usually lose itself in the fridge.

Goes  well  with,   er,   nothing  really.  Except,  probably  air 
freshener.

  -Goat's Spleen Cheese-

This  is  another  cheese to avoid unless,  of  course,  temporary 
blindness is your bag. This was first made by the French as a kind 
of  revenge  on  the rest of the world  for  believing  that  they 
actually  ate  snails,  thereby  forcing them to  eat  snails  for 
visiting tourists.

The concept of the cheese may sound sickening enough,  but that is 
nothing  compared with how they make it.  Suffice to say that  the 
goat  rarely  survives and if it does,  it is  usually  completely 
incapable of controlling it's bowels for some years.

Goes well with people you don't like.

  -Mein Kampf Cheese-

This  is one of the most expensive cheeses ever sold to a  private 
collector and what is more, it doesn't really exist.

  -Knob Cheese-

Now this is a delicacy.  Truly a king of cheeses, it is delicately 
prepared  by skilled Yorkshire craftsmen who have been  making  it 
for  nearly  two  hundred years.  Its flavour is so  delicate  and 
smooth  as to literally melt on the tongue,  and its bouquet is  a 
treat for the nostrils. It goes well with almost any dish and is a 
delightful way to end, or indeed, start an evening.

However,  due to its unfortunate name,  no-one ever buys it.  They 
have warehouses of the stuff in Yorkshire.. Which goes some way to 
explaining the smell up there.

  -Australian Cheese-

The  only cheese in the world rated by its % per volume.  Not that 
it's alchoholic. That would only be putting it mildly. It comes in 
two  varieties,  red  or  white,  and tastes divine,  whatever you 
choose.  The most highly prized of these cheese,  however,  is the 
Chateaux  Wogawoga  Armpit.  Its flavour is reminiscent of a  very 
fine wine,  whilst its kick is similar that you would receive from 
a female mule at the wrong time of the month.

Goes well with anything, but particularly more alchohol.

  -EC Directive Cheese-

This  cheese resembles Swiss cheese in as much as it is very  full 
of holes.  After that, I'm afraid the cheese goes downhill. It has 
perhaps the most unappetising odour I have ever come across, and a 
texture resembling that of brick.

Its  basic  ingredients were strictly controlled by  the  European 
Parliament ensuring that only the finest ingredients from every EC 
nation were used. So considering it has so many parents, it is not 
surprising to discover that this is one bastard of a cheese.

It  is usually forced on you at government functions and leaves  a 
horrible taste in your mouth which, I'm afraid, you're stuck with.

Goes well with absolutely nothing.
 
(Laboriously copied out by CIH - April '95!)

~YELLOW.PAL~

