FALCON OPINION
~ATARI.FIL~
Well, now I have seen it...  Falcon  030!  Before last weeks I've just
heard about it, but now I  have  seen  it  and  I have also seen a few
demos/other programs running on it.

I'm convinced! The machine is  just  great!  The graphics is great and
sounds are wonderful. There  could  be  a  little  more power in 68030
(perhaps 32Mhz and 32-bit memory), but the fantastic DSP makes it up.

Falcon is not very compatible with ST/E, but I think that it is just a
good thing. It forces people to make Falcon-only software. Old D.B.A.-
magazines won't work on Falcon  (even  the  DBA  #9  didn't work on my
friend's machine), but we just must live with that fact.

What about software? There is not  so  much games released. Just a few
of them are  out  now,  but  more  is  coming  soon.  The professional
programs have been up-dated to work on  Falcon, and there is also many
Falcon-supporting and Falcon-only software on the market already.

Public domain! Public domain!  There  is  a  lot  of  potential in PD-
software. Dozens of demos have been released and some of them are real
gems. Also the situation  of  digitizing-software and PD-utility seems
to be very good. Hopefully we can keep it growing every day.

The ST/E-scene is dying and it  is  very realistic to think that ST/E-
scene doesn't exit in summer  '94.  Of  course  some little crews will
still be left, but all the  biggest  teams will move (actually many of
them are already working on Falcon) to Falcon-scene.

Is there any future for Falcon?  Is  there  any hope that this machine
will survive in its battle against  486  and Amiga 1200. Well, I think
there is very good chances  that  Falcon  will succeed. It won't knock
out Amigas or PCs, but there is enough room for all of them. Falcon is
the machine with great hardware and good software situation (of course
you are able to use those  286/386/486-emulators),  and it will be one
of the greatest machines in 90's.

The rumours also claim that there will  be a Falcon 040. That would be
great for hard professionals. The  machine  would be even faster (MUCH
faster) than '030, and it would have even better graphics than the old
Falcon. Also the price-tag will be much bigger than the one on '030.

Future seems brighter than it have seemed for years. Get Falcon, it is
just cool. Your old ST/E is nothing compared to this superior machine,
which have more power than  the  new  A1200  and PC. Falcon is future,
others are past.


                    Sandman / Animal Mine / The Independent 6.11.1993

~GREY.PAL~




