FAREWELL ST
~OMEGA.FIL~
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        FAREWELL GOOD OLD ST
                            -by Slimer-
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is it, the final magazine of the D.B.A. on the good old ST.
I think the reason why we stop is pretty simple, I only have to mention
one word "Falcon" to make it clear.
Earlier plans to release two different shells for both ST and Falcon are
dropped, simply because we don't own ST's anymore and it will cost us
more to spread two versions !

The ST isn't dead yet because Atari is planning to sell 150.000 units this
year because of the 90 pounds price cut.
With this price cut Atari tries to compete with the console's by offering a
machine that offers more than just games !
The price cut is due to Atari's money problems because they need money to
ship the Falcons with.
There are big chances that the software manufacturer's restart producing
software for the machine.
It seems that there is big second hand ST market building up with all first
hand ST users selling their machine's !
Well, the ST is in for a second run, that's good news for Atar I although it
seems that they make only a few bucks profit on the machine's !

For a lot of people the cheap ST is good machine to start computing with.
Atari's expects that these people will also be potential Falcon buyers in the
near future.
Even if the ST gets it's second run, it stay's an outdated computer that is
hardly any competition for all those souped up MS-DOS thingies these days.
It's time to go on in time and future with a new machine that can compete
with the newest machine's on the market.
A machine that's able to do the things that we always wanted from a computer
giving us what the ST lacked all those years !

The Falcon

It may have the ultimate sound system, superb graphics and a DSP chip, but 
over about 7 years we going to switch again to newer and better system. 
This will go on for years and years to come, we are still at the beginning
of the technological era !
We all know that there will be a new computer after the Falcon but to keep
up-to-date with the technology you have to buy the newest computer.
Anyway the Falcon gives us some peace of mind for the first couple of years
to come........

                        LOOKING AT THE FUTURE........

Latest news on the Falcon is that the machine sells very good, all Falcons
that where shipped to the several country's are all sold out ! 
Atari will do some advertisment in magazine's and there will also be TV
commercials from september till december (till christmass). 
It seems that Atari will sell enough Falcons this year to make the machine
"self-supporting"( that's when they sell over 100.000 units ).

The future of the machine is still a big "?" because we don't know what
the competition will do.
It's also uncertain if Atari can keep their promises to make the Falcon
a new mega success !
Anyway with things going like they do now, Ithink that it won't be a
problem !

                        LOOKING BACK.......

With this special issue we also celebrate that we produce the D.B.A. magazine
for 2 years now.
It was in july 1991 that the idea of the magazine came around and at the end 
of that month the first coding started.
I can't remember exactly when the D.B.A. was founded but it must be about
5 years ago now.
So, plenty of reasons to celebrate !

                        LOOKING BACK A BIT FUTHER,

Buying the Falcon was both be a mixture of sadness and happiness.
Sadness:  because computing will probably will never be the same again, I
felt the same when is old my Atari XL computer back then.
Ten and half years ago when I bought the XL, only a few people owned a computer
and it was still quite a sensation to own one.
I was one of the elite people that actually had a computer, most people in
those days still had the idea that computers where somesort of magic machines.
But these days lots of people own a computer, most of them are simple "users"
claiming to be computer experts of some sort !
On my work I'm writing an utility program on the PC for Novell users to help
these PC "users" a bit.
Anyway it an advantage to own a computer for such a long time, most of
the time you are just one step ahead. 

Happiness:  because I owned a TOS 1.0 machine with a bad diskdrive.
The Falcon has a better drive and a much better TOS version.
I'm also have a harddisk with the thing, this is very handy when you 
work on a diskmagazine !
It's also be very cool to hear some decent sound from the computer instead
of the bad sound that comes from the Yamaha chip (esp. modules) !
Laughing at all those stupid PC users when you know that your computer is
superior (childish but fun)!
I hope that Atar I will always be one step ahead of the competition.

Well, we will see what happens in the near future......   
Till then, enjoy this last real issue on the ST !!

                                Slimer


P.S. Maybe we will release a compil issue after this one !
~BROWN.PAL~
