FRIED BITS 3
~TEGEL.FIL~
=======================                     'One day of sadness last's longer
FRIED BITS CONVENTION 3                      than a month of joy'
=======================

Opening sentence: F@ck all my photo's are blank!!

This is a personal report on the Fried Bits Eastern Coding Convention in
Bremen, Germany. 

Friday the 14th of April 1995, 8:30 AM:
Bonus and O.T.M. arrive at my place to pick me and my equipment up. All the
stuff gets loaded into the car and then we leave fresh and happy for the
party. B.t.w. never type a report on a party only one day afterwards when
your still in half in coma ....

The previous paragraph was typed just one day after the party but, I was 
to sleepy to continue with the article. Two days afterwards I gave it 
another try. 

FINALLY WE PROCEED WITH THE REPORT,

It's funny how something you've longed for such a long time, is over 
before you know it. I think that such a remark is the biggest 
compliment the organization of the Fried Bits Convention could get. I 
was never before on a party were I had so much fun. Anyway we take a 
step back in time a space and return to the day on which the party 
started. Again, Friday the 14th of April:

Bonus and O.T.M., arrive at my place round 8:30 AM. They help me load 
my equipment in the car which takes only 10 minutes. About 15 minutes 
later we're on our way to Bremen. On the journey we cracked jokes, ate 
lots of drop and read a Startrek booklet. Several hours later we entered 
Bremen and found our way to the party building without any real 
difficulties. We were ahead on schedule and no one of the Dutch scene 
was present yet. 

The party was situated in two halls on the second floor, one big one and 
a smaller one. Last year, the Dutchies had the small hall almost completely
for themselves but, this time other dudes had occupied it. We had heard 
that several people from the Dutch scene couldn't come, so we didn't 
had much hope that the party would be as pleasant as the last time. We 
arranged a place for the computer with the Real-time article and 
waited for the things to come ... 
Later that afternoon the first Dutchies finally arrived but still not enough 
to get things going. The Germans were having fun and had their stereo's
playing and we were totally depressed, until Sentry, Dawn and the Giants
arrived! Ultimate brought his stereo and 'Ome Henk' and now we finally could
kick some serious ass! A microwave oven including nuclear warning sign, two 
Coffee-machines and loads of food were "shipped" from the Netherlands to 
Germany.

More Dutchies had arrived than we thought would come, and the party 
spirit finally was there! The foreigners began to flee at the mere 
sound of 'Ome Henk', taking the CD out of the box was enough! On the
second day almost all foreigners had left the hall and the Dutchies 
had the place for their own. As always the in comparison few Dutchies 
made the most noise on the party although the influences of other guys 
beside the Germans was also high. 
Just like last year there was a Turkish circumcision in the hall below 
the party and the party organization had arranged extra fire 
extinguishers against any Kurdish attack. Anyway we past our time 
watching porno Jpegs, eating, drinking and bullshitting! Beside these 
interesting things we've also met some nice people, see greetings at 
the end of the article! 

The third day came around, an important day as the competitions would 
be held that evening. All Dutch groups were not really planning to 
make something for the demo competition. The competition had four 
different parts:

A module   competition       ~FALCON.BLK~
Graphics   competition
96 Ktro    competition
A megademo competition



We (D.B.A.) and two others decided to enter the module competition. As we 
gave the modules to the organization we found out that no one had 
entered the 96 Ktro competition yet! So, D.B.A., Sentry and The Tos 
crew decided to give it a shot. Only 2 hours before the 
deadline they all started to code something. Bonus (coder D.B.A.) 
started less than two hours for the deadline on a little project. It 
was a race against time. I gave some design comments and with only 15 
minutes to spare we've made the deadline. The 96 Ktro was much smaller 
than 96 Kb. and could be far more impressive, if Bonus had started 
2 hours earlier! There was plenty of processor time left, in fact 
there was so much left that 1 ring wouldn't run properly in sync, 
background calculations were needed to solve this! We showed only 
4 rings on screen but 8 would have been possible (all in GFA)! 
Sentry made "Bombtrack", a f@cked up screen filled with bombs and stuff 
that would return to the desktop without screwing up the colors. The 
Tos Crew made "Fzwerm", a fast dot routine. All of the 96 Ktro's can be 
found on disk!          

When the competition started we found out that 4 other contesters had 
entered the 96 Ktro's. Last year the competition was held in a hall 
with a good sound system and a better visible RGB screen. This time 
the facilities weren't that good. The screen was hanging to low and 
the sound system wasn't exactly super ... 
No one of the Dutchies reached a high place with the modules (We 
surely missed Scavenger of Synergy!). The mods were of a better 
overall quality than last year although they sounded pretty much the 
same! Many people including me were happy that the module part was 
over because 45 minutes is way to long!
After the mind boggling sound it was time for the pictures. Ooh boy 
they were really good! The results are also in the magazine.
Than came the part we had waited for, the 96 Ktro's. Man, what some 
dude's could do in 96 kb., really incredible! Anyway we (D.B.A.) 
finished on the 4th place. 

After the small stuff it became time for the big guns to shoot their 
load! There were 4 contesters but the real fight was fought between 
Lazer and E.K.O. with both breathtaking mega demo's. Lazer showed a 
whole new concept in demo coding with real style, incredible stuff! 
E.K.O. showed off a preview of the their 3D Engine, really mind 
blowing. 3D tunnels, landscapes, the lot (whhaaa)!! Lazer ended on 
the first place but not convincing because E.K.O. came also really close!
It was around 4 o'clock am when it all was over ...

The last day arrived faster than expected and it was almost time to go 
home. Some German managed to crash the real-time article because he 
wanted a copy of it, without asking first! Anyway we managed to put 
the pieces together. Everybody prepared to go home or were already gone. 
The Dutchies stayed till the very end, chatting, laughing and already 
hoping for the next party!

They dumped me at 19:00 PM at my house after a rainy ride. I concluded 
that it was a very nice party indeed!

Conclusion

Although the party wasn't that good organized as the one of 1994, we 
had a good time. I hope that more toilets and stuff are available next 
time around (if there is one)and that they use the hall of last year 
for the competitions! I really hope that the Independent will 
organize many more Fried Bits parties in the future!
    

NOW FOR SOME PERSONAL PARTY GREETINGS AND THANKS:


THE DUTCH SCENE,

Sentry : Tymen and Leon 

Tymen for the stereo and Ome Henk. 
Leon for the rather heavy porno Jpegs.

---

Giants : Peter, Ruben, Arco and Dion 

Ruben for the dotjes routine, colorBREAK and all other sort of pleasure's. 
Peter for bullshitting(oprotte!), the jet-engine sound and intro graphics!
Dion for watching ten million porno Jpegs!
Arco for being a jolly bloke!

---

Synergy : Robert, Arnoud and Thomas

Arnoud for his big mouth and banana ...
The others for the party spirit.  

---

Dawn    : Roberto and Sandor

Roberto for the bullshit!
Sandor for a non working DSP routine and the camera shots!

---

Tos Crew: Ger and Hans

For the ultimate cup of coffee (makes your hair die, and your Dick fall off)!

---

FOREIGN SCENE:

Reservoir Gods : Sparehead 3 and Mr. Pink (For the nice games and the bull in 
                 the real-time article).

Avena          : Mr. Coke (No problem!), thanks for the party stuff and the
                 location of the real-time article computer.

Pure Bollocks  : <Genie> for photographing everything that moved (if it moves 
                 shoot it!)

Animal Mine    : Strategem for the golden Atari CD ...
 
Lazer          : For the mind-blowing demo ...

E.K.O.         : For the best 3D engine I've ever seen on the Falcon.

All the other guys from all those different countries for being there ...

FALCON SCENE RULES!!!
~BLEUGREN.PAL~
