GOSSIP GOSSIP 
~LEGO.FIL~ 
                 'It's not the truth that makes a human big 
                  but the human that makes the truth big' 
 
                  Confucius 
 
 
-------------------------------- 
 G O S S I P (you read it first) 
-------------------------------- 
by Slimer 
 
Our magazine has quite often been accused of being to glossy at times. Now
with 'Maggie' changing course from a glossy to a more 'serious' magazine
with it's new editor CIH, our magazine seems to be the only one left. I
must admit that we have also changed a bit in contents, but we're still
glossy enough to start a 'Gossip Corner' ! The general idea behind this
corner is to provide the readers with some amusement by telling gossips
about the scene. 
 
It's not our intention to offend people but just to have some fun. We have
no 'aversion' or 'hate' towards any other group on the scene, so don't
take it all to serious. But with a gossip corner you never know if its
really true or just... 
 
---- 
 
Rumours go that 'Jack Tramiel' has been attacked by a black Jaguar. The
president of Atari Corporation was guest of honor at a thee party, held at
Downingstreet 10. The accident happened when the Jaguar of John Major
didn't got enough to eat. It jumped straight towards the poor victim with
what seemed to be a wild glance of 'softwarehunger' in it's eyes. 
 
'Jack' managed to keep the cat at bay with one of the joypads. Experts say
that this kind of behavior has never been spotted before on Jaguar type of
consoles. They assume that the disease has been brought in through the
channeltunnel by alien gayboys ! 
 
--- 
 
Sources within the Dutch group 'The Giants' have revealed that one of it's
members is going to marry. This member goes by the name of 'Havoc', writer
of the infamous Pinkeltje saga for which he received many threatening
letters and bomb parcels. Who the unlucky bride is, remains a mystery till
now. 
 
--- 
 
Another famous 'name' in the Dutch scene is going to stop with his work as
an editor and writer. Richard K. has been an editor for many years now and
wants to do something completely different for a change. He told our
reporter that he wants to dedicate his life to houseparties. 
 
Richard K. : It sure beats drinking ten bottles of Plantiac.... 
 
---  
 
Important message, 
 
A new computervirus has been spotted on thousands of Amigas throughout
Europe. The computervirus has been described by experts as extremely
dangerous and very complex. It's told that it looks for users with low
brain capacity where it causes an overload by short-circuiting the nerve-
center. Experts assume that the virus is written by a very intelligent
member of the Atari scene. 
 
Reports say that over 80% of the entire Amiga scene has been infected by
what they now call the 'appetite for self-destruction' virus. 
 
Symptoms are: A stupid expression on the face while breakdanching on the   
              stairs. 
              
--- 
 
Is Bonus Software having an affair with Meril Streep ?? 
Read on and find out...... 
 
--- 
 
The ex-boyfriend of Meril Streep, the former heavy-weight champion boxing,
Mike Tyson has escaped from prison. Mike was convicted for raping the dog
of a young woman in his hotelroom. 
 
Several prisonguards have been brought to the local hospital after being
brutally molested by the escaped convict. A witness told us that Mike
'just' walked through the door of his prisoncel and knocked out every
guard on his way out. There is still no explanation for this explosion of
mad violence ! 
 
---  
 
Commodore bankrupt (An Atari/Sega conspiracy ?) ! 
 
Computer-manufacturer Commodore is finally bankrupt. Many Atari-freaks
have celebrated this day of victory, the battle has been won after many
years of war. Internal sources have said that huge amounts of money have 
disappeared into thin air. These sources assume that hostile hackers have
cracked the Commodore mainframe (a VIC 20) and transferred all the money
via Sega to Atari bankaccounts !   
 
--- 
 
One member of the dutch democrew 'Dawn' is threatened to be killed. An
extreme organization from Iran have set a price on the head of the editor
of the evil 'Pinkeltjeverses'. Several suicide-squads from Iran have been
spotted nearby the home of the victim. 
 
Sources claim that the victim goes by the strange name of 'Mantra'.
Rushdie has offered him one of his hidingplaces...... 
 
---   
 
Several members of the well-known democrew 'Omega' have been taken to the
hospital a week ago. They have been brought in with symptoms of epilepsy
caused by their new demo 'Grotesque 2+'. Coders of the crew were working
on a 20 pictures per second routine which almost certainly caused the
epileptic attacks. The musicians were brought in several hours later after
their attempt to create a housetrack that featured 50 beats per second. 
 
The latest report: Some of the crewmembers are now breakdancing on the     
                   stairs...... 
 
--- 
 
Sinclair has bought I.B.M. !!! We soon can expect the first PowerSpectrums
to hit the market..... 
 
--- 
 
Thats it for this first issue of 'Gossip', I hope that you have enjoyed it
as much as I did. If you have hot gossips, than don't hesitate to send
them to, 
 
GOSSIP
P.O. Box 506
NL-9200 AM  DRACHTEN
THE NETHERLANDS    
 
You read it first !! 
~BLEU.PAL~  
