OH YEAH III P1
~SECOND.FIL~

 The  Klingon escorted Cronos to the bridge.  By now the mercenary annex  hired 
gun had totally recovered from his icy ordeal.  He was comfortably warm  again, 
neatly dressed in crisp clothes and feeling decidedly less giggly than  before. 
He  was  a bit disoriented though - the last thing he  clearly  remembered  was 
lying  in  a dentist's chair and being severelyy sedated.  Now he  was  walking 
beside a taciturn Klingon on what seemed to be a Federation starship.
 They reached the bridge.  A door opened automatically,  they went through, and 
the door closed behind them.  It was the kind of door Cronos expected to drone, 
"Thank you for making a simple door happy," but it didn't.
 They went inside,  where he was lead to a balding middle aged man,  and a very 
familiar-looking  balding middle aged man at that.  Several bells rung  as  the 
recollections took a solid shape inside the vast emptiness that formed  Cronos' 
mind.
 "Merle!" he yelled.
 "Er...How  do  you  know  my real name?" the  captain  hushed  to  Cronos,  an 
embarrassed and perplexed look on his face.
 The  android  swiveled in this chair.  "I checked  this  individual's  genetic 
patterns  to the old Federation Colonies DNA databases and found a 99.8%  match 
on Ambulor Eight where he has spent a prolonged amount of time in the  hospital 
for  the Very Very Splattered.  Despite appearances,  he's human -  one  Cronos 
Jehannum Warchild."
  "Captain,  I  sense utmost confusion and a violent sense of revenge  in  this 
man," a dark-haired woman with huge black eyes counselled agitatedly.
 The Klingon immediately drew a phaser and started forward, an unprofessionally 
eager look on his face.
 Cronos launched himself at his nemesis,  intending to reduce him to a mass  of 
quivering  flesh.  He  was stopped rather painfully by a phaser  blast  from  a 
grinning Klingon.  It slammed him up against a panel.  A few lights blinked,  a 
few beeps beeped.
 "Incidentally," Mr Data added,  unperturbed,  "according to these records this 
hospital is supposed to be run by a nurse who looks like an identical of Gloria 
Estefan."
 Unfortunately  for  the couple of thousand people  aboard  the  starship,  the 
phaser shot had hurled Cronos Warchild against a large red button with the text 
"PLEASE  BE SO KIND SO AS NOT TO PRESS THIS BUTTON,  FOR IT WILL  SELF-DESTRUCT 
THE SHIP".
 Perhaps  Cronos Warchild had finally taught Merle his  lesson.  Unfortunately, 
however,  there were hundreds of people attending the same class,  one of  them 
being Cronos himself who was too unconscious to alter anything.
 A siren threw in a few wailing words.

 "THIS WAS NOT IN THE SCRIPT," a voice boomed.
 A hushed silence fell over the bridge.
 Cronos scratched his head as he sat up and looked around himself.
  "I  WILL  NOT ALLOW IT," the voice continued.  A huge face  appeared  on  the 
viewscreen.
 "Mr. Roddenbery!" the crew exclaimed in exalted chorus.
 A  gaffer walked up to the large red button,  irritated,  and pushed  it  once 
more. The siren ceased its incessant wailing.
 "SCOTTY, BEAM THIS MAN OUT OF HERE," the mysterious voice now commanded.
 "Excuse me,  Mr.  Roddenbery," the android began, "but there is no record of a 
Scotty, Mr Scott or anybody with the first name Scott aboard the Enterprise..."
 "Shut up, Data," the captain snapped.
 "Mr O'Brien, beam this...this...Neanderthal out of here," he added.
 "Aye, sir," the transporter chief responded, "which coordinates?"
 "Anywhere will do," the captain said, suppressing an evil grin, "basically any 
random planet. As long as it's far away from here."
 "Aye,  sir,"  O'Brien  said.  Finally  a  command  that  left  room  for  some 
creativity.

 Cronos found himself standing on a grassy plain,  a shimmering sun hanging  in 
the sky.  It was silent,  eerily silent almost,  and as usual he was completely 
baffled,  utterly confused and most muddled for a very long time.  Thoughts  of 
Merle drifted through his mind but he didn't know exactly why or how.
 Before he had a chance to completely recover,  though,  another bizarre  thing 
started happening.  Small mounds of earth began to appear all around him, muddy 
hands extending from some of them. Soon, earth-smeared heads started popping up 
everywhere. Some time later Cronos found himself surrounded by a large group of 
extremely  soiled  men and women.  They were all  quite  naked,  although  most 
details  of their features were in some way covered by mud and bits  of  fungi. 
They  had all crawled from their own individual little holes in the  earth  and 
were now eying each other vibrantly,  the tension in the air building up around 
a now totally dumbfounded Cronos who had absolutely no idea what was going  on. 
He had never been anywhere where people sortof pop out of the ground where  you 
stand.
 Warchild stammered something.
 "Daa...baaaa..."
 This  seemed  to  trigger the strange group because at that  moment  they  all 
started  fondling  other  muddy  individuals and engaging  in  acts  of  rather 
explicit sexual nature.  These were explicit enough for Cronos to turn slightly 
red around the cheeks. For the first time since his waking up on the ice planet 
did  he realize that he in fact did himself have a sexual organ located in  the 
lower abdominal area.
 He  wandered around aimlessly for a while,  making sure not to step on any  of 
the writhing bodies around him,  trying to make sense of it all.  After a while 
he found a solitary woman lying on the ground,  naked and covered in streaks of 
dirt,  her forms exposed to a befuddled Cronos who never really knew what to do 
in this kind of situation. He sat down next to her and decided to find out what 
was going on.
 "From what hole are you, handsome?", the woman asked huskily.
 "Errr...well...",  Cronos didn't really know what to say.  He never before had 
his home planet Sucatraps referred to as a hole.
 For  a brief instant visions flickered across the insides of his  eyes.  There 
was the utterly enticing Klarine Appledoor.  After two moments she was squashed 
by the rather less slim form of Penelope Sunflower,  his almost-betrothed. And, 
of  course,  there was half a nanosecond worth of Loucynda,  enough to see  the 
sturdy  and  rather rusty locks around the chastity belt  were  resisting  time 
bravely.  He always had that when he was around women. He either started acting 
like a total git or simply shut up and entered recollection mode.
 His lack of words, however, merely seemed to flatter the woman, encourage her. 
Maybe she was an expert at body language,  or maybe the rapidly shifting  folds 
in  the crotch area of Cronos' trousers told her all she needed to  known.  She 
peeled a piece of dry mud off a breast.  Cronos had no idea the removal of sand 
crust  could be this provoking.  A few of his inner glands started  to  excrete 
their produce.
 "What is all this?" Warchild asked.
 "Isn't it obvious?" the woman responded rhetorically.
 "No."
 "This is the moment we've all waited for," the woman said.  Her eyes went into 
a  musing  distant-gaze mode when she told a story involving the burial  of  41 
infants  in  the  rich and nurturing soils of the  Mother  Planet  where  their 
collective minds would dream about Unabridled Sexual Nirvana for 17 years until 
finally  the  Exhumation Phase of their Life Cycle would come  upon  them.  She 
revealed  to him the Doctrine of the Nine Utterly Holy Phases - Cloacal  Birth, 
the  Burying  of  Infant Eggs,  Life in Entombment  for  Seventeen  Years,  the 
Unearthing,  the Shedding of the Sands,  the Mating (a.k.a.  Passionate Time of 
Ultimate  Bliss),  the  Smoking of the Cigarette and then,  after a  short  but 
exciting Life,  the Revelation of the Truth in Death. A pretty fulfilling life, 
so she assured him.
 To Cronos she appeared to be human, but she was talking about eggs and cloacas 
-  and  what was this thing with the cigarette?  He was about to ask  when  she 
grabbed him in her arms.  The two of them looking like the covers of cheap love 
novels, only this time the male held by the female.
 "O noble hunk," she whispered wetly in his ear,  "be my Sacred Partner in  the 
Ritual of Ultimate Joining!"
 He thought about it for a while,  but not for long.  The woman peeled  another 
piece  of  half-dried mud off her anatomy.  This time it revealed part  of  her 
right  buttock.  Warchild hadn't realised half a square inch of  buttock  could 
look in any way luring. Well, he concluded, this particular piece did.
 The  woman,   her  lips  moist  with  desire  and  her  eyes  undressing   him 
unceremoniously,  now  interpreted Cronos' muteness as reluctance.  She had  to 
fight  for him.  Perhaps he was playing hard to get.  She liked that in a  man. 
It's never any fun if they throw themselves at you.  She liked getting "no" for 
an answer. They always meant "yes" anyway.
 "I  have four sexual organs,  you know," she revealed,  "and that's  not  even 
including the cloaca." She turned around a bit and showed a few of them.
 By now Warchild got the general idea.  In fact,  the part of his body that had 
been  shrivelled hopelessly during his ice planet experience was  now  claiming 
most of his blood and sending waves of unclean thoughts through his mind.
 Perhaps  a blood vessel in his brain sprung,  or an adrenalin gland went  into 
Warp 9 mode. Things went strange.
 "Videodrome!",  he yelled,  tore his T-shirt off his body and jumped onto  the 
ecstatic woman.  That is to say he aimed to hurl his body at her but somehow it 
failed  to hit its target and impacted a rather unforgiving piece  of  bedrock. 
Debbie Harry vanished off his mind and was replaced by a screaming pain  racing 
through  his nervous system.  Yet a certain part of him was poised for  serious 
action and the sudden impulse of the cold and gritty rock was enough to cause a 
rather  intense climax of the most pinnacle kind.  A blurred vision of  tissues 
and  washing  machines  came to his mind,  but it was  quickly  replaced  by  a 
detailed vision of microwave ovens and food blenders.
 It  was orgasmic,  fatamorganic,  spirallomatic and  truly  mind-evaporatingly 
huge.  The Dingo stared at him with yellow eyes, and a brightly lit church from 
Vienna appeared before him.  Kiss the guitar,  feel the Fields of the Nephilim. 
Someone's got to suffer.  Pain looks great on other people, that's what they're 
for.  He was sick of all the people,  the angels getting on his  nerves.  Sweet 
dreams, his soul screamed. He cannot live, he cannot die, Sumerland is where he 
wanted to go.  It was the depth of his soul made real.  Afraid of waking up, he 
stayed deep down in the lands of forever...call it a day.  What a bastard of  a 
blinking cursor staring at him. Sleep...forever...
 Last  thing  he  remembered  was a rather cute Tiger  Quoll  looking  at  him, 
wondering  what he was doing.  He didn't know where the little animal had  come 
from,  and  actually didn't even realize it was one.  He decided to give in  to 
what his body wanted him to do.
 With an erection that would have made any London Knight proud and a girl  next 
to him that was ready'n'willing to go to the end and have him mount her in each 
of her many bodily openings, he fainted.

 The  thing  most prominently present in his mind was the  face  of  Merle.  Or 
Picard,  or whatever he called himself now. It morphed to and fro into a hungry 
face of his father.  In the back of his mind he heard his mother pleading  with 
the man, but there was no stopping him.

 His  father was whetting a stainless steel kitchen knife of huge  proportions, 
eyeing him rather unfatherly.
 "It has to go!" the man bellowed.
 Cronos  tried to hide behind his mother but his father shoved the frail  woman 
aside and advanced on him with a grin of very demoniacal proportions.
 "Come here boy," his father whispered satanically, "it might not even hurt."
 "Drahcir!" his mother uttered, "please be careful!"

 Cronos had hated the idea of circumcision ever since.

 "OoooOoooOiooooOooooOiiiioOOoOOoOoooOO..."
 Cronos felt a tiny tongue licking his face.
 "OOOoooOooOoiiiioOOOiiOooooOOOooiiiioOOO..."
 He  opened his eyes and was confronted with the rather cute Tiger  Quoll  that 
seemed to like him rather a lot.
 "OOoooOooOOoiiiiooOOooOOOOooooOOooo..."
 The strange sound seemed to arise from one end of a long pipe. Attached to the 
other end was a strange looking man with scruffy black hair,  his body  covered 
only with a primitive loincloth and multi-coloured paint. The pipe seemed to be 
some kind of bush-native instrument.
 Cronos sat up straight and uttered an inquiring, "Huh?"
 The  Quoll,  disappointed,  began licking its own genitals  instead.  The  man 
removed the pipe from his mouth and started to speak with a heavy accent.
 "Hey man, whatya doing 'ere?"
 Cronos  looked around him and noticed several empty holes.  A few of them  had 
been filled up again and covered.
 "Dunno, actually. Where is everybody?" he asked.
 "They buggered off to bury the eggs and then...well...let's just say I'm  'ere 
to clean up the mess," the man said.
 "Mess?" Warchild wanted to know.
 The  man  said nothing,  merely pointing in another  direction.  Cronos'  head 
swivelled  - without as much as a heroic "swoosh" - and beheld a pile  of  dead 
people he had missed so far.  It would have been nice for this story if he  had 
recognized  the  girl  with whom he had had the  near-hit  experience,  but  he 
didn't. There were just lots of legs and arms, some totally worn out bodies and 
asinine  grins on a lot of faces,  some still with smouldering cigarette  butts 
dangling in them. A breeze took the smell of death and Saigon Brothel Backrooms 
to him.
 Disgusting,  if  only because he hadn't been part of the events  necessary  to 
produce the distinctive scent.

 Reality isn't half as real as you think it is,  and just when you think you've 
come  to grips with it everything changes.  In books all things happen in  neat 
patterns  where  great  minds have thought out excellent  plots  to  let  their 
characters experience the most exciting of exploits. Cronos Warchild, mercenary 
annex  hired  gun,  was about to have something happen to him that  was  of  no 
relevance  to  his  current situation whatsoever.  Which is  half  the  fun  of 
writing, sometimes, though not necessarily of reading.

 Somewhere deep within the reaches of space a cell twisted and turned. It was a 
warped  cell,  deadly  in  its own disctinctive and  very  weird  way.  Without 
apparent reason it decided to pick out a random life form in the multiverse and 
hit it on the head.

 "They surely went out with a bang, didn't they?" Cronos asked.
 The man nodded and started playing 'Advance Australia Fair' on his instrument.
 "OOOoooOooOoiiiioOOOiiOooooOOOooiiiioOOO..."
 Cronos was not a very smart man.  We know that,  because it has been mentioned 
countless times.  Nonetheless he had a strange innate sense of tact,  which now 
told him the man had no further use for him. He'd better make himself scarse.

 Somewhere deep within the reaches of space, though now infinitely much closer, 
there was something that *had* a use for him.  Though it,  and he, didn't quite 
know  yet,  at least not consciously.  It hurled itself at an  ever  increasing 
speed toward a squarely built form,  even though neither was yet visible to the 
other.

 What to do now?  The huge pile of smiling corpses wasn't a likely partner  for 
jest or conversation, not even a friendly fight.

 Infinity is all relative, just a matter of perspective.

 What  sounded  like  the  loudest explosion conceivable to  the  ears  of  the 
rotating   cell  -  had  it  had  them  -  was  virtually  and  quite   totally 
indistinguishable from utter silence to the Mercenary Annex Hired  Gun.  Within 
the instant of collision, however, profound changes occurred in both of them.
 The cell suddenly found itself in a void we know as Cronos' brain.  It  wasn't 
the  best place to be in,  but at least it was confined whilst  still  allowing 
room  for plenty of motion.  At least it was *safe*,  and *they* wouldn't  know 
where to find it. Hopefully.
 Cronos  suddenly found his cranial contents doubled.  Whereas  previously  his 
brain had been almost solely dedicated to movement,  a few incoherent  thoughts 
and  the  production of apparently sentient speech,  its newly  acquired  extra 
capacity was entirely paranormal.
 Cronos had never known paranormality was a bacterial disease flung on you by a 
discontent universe,  and he probably never would.  What matters to the current 
discourse, however, is that this was exactly what had happened.
 Warchild  looked  at the man that had almost finished playing  the  Australian 
National Anthem.  Instead of a man,  however,  his mind saw a boy. A frightened 
boy that looked around it in panic.
 It shouted.

 "No, father!"

 The man looked at Cronos.  Had his multi-coloured paint fainted,  perhaps, and 
was the stranger looking intently at that?

 "No!"

 "Leave that boy alone!" Cronos bellowed. He meant business.
 The  man looked around him.  He saw no boy to leave alone.  The  stranger  was 
surely acting irrational.
 Then the boy was gone, just like that. Warchild walked up to the man and shook 
him at what, for lack of a better word, were the lapels of his loincloth.
 "What have you done, insane man?!" he shouted. His eyes looked around rapidly, 
"where is the boy?"
 "Wuh...wuh...wuh...what boy?" the man stuttered.
 Warchild  suddenly  looked at the right ear of the man,  or  perhaps  somewhat 
beyond.  He cocked his head.  He could have sworn he heard some music.  It  was 
peaceful music,  with flute and soft synthesizer.  His mind told him,  not with 
words but equally effectively, "Gandalf. Gandalf's 'Fantasia'."
 "Fuck  off,  idiot!" the man said,  recognizing the wild look in Cronos'  eyes 
gone all soft.
 Warchild sat down.
 "'He'  tells  me  not to use those words," Cronos said with  the  patient  and 
infinitely peaceful voice of a religious nut.
 "Who?" the man said, irritated, "the boy?"
 "No...no..." Cronos responded, dreamily, "'he' told me."
 The  man  displayed  an "Oh no,  it's Jehovah's  witnesses"  look.  He  patted 
Warchild on the shoulder.
 "He's  a  good boy," he said,  soothingly,  with his other hand  swinging  the 
Aboriginal  instrument. It was made of wood lovingly fondled and spoken to  for 
countless generations. He hoped it would survive the intented maltreatment.
 There was a skull-jarring 'thud'. A cell was hurled off back into space.
 "Oh  no,  now  they  will be after me again?" Cronos  wondered  fleetingly  as 
unconsciousness once more embraced him.

 "Genuine fake watches!"

 The exclamation had a difficult time reaching Warchild's awareness.

 "Genuine fake watches!"

 He  opened  his  eyes.  He had expected to be on a  totally  different  planet 
without any clothes on and,  indeed,  he wasn't. Life isn't like that. However, 
seeing as a city seemed to have been erected about him, he reckoned he had been 
out for a while.  He stared almost directly into the empty eyesockets of a  few 
grinning corpses,  butt-ends stuck between perpetually grinning skeletal  teeth 
blowing softly in the wind. Now he thought he could recognize the girl whom his 
near-hit  relationship had been based on.  She had lost quite a bit  of  weight 
since he'd last seen her.
 Why  had  the  builders  left the pile of corpses  in  their  city?  Had  they 
considered it an artefact of sorts? Why had they left *him*? Was he an artefact 
too?

 "Genuine fake watches!"

 Warchild tried to move but found that he couldn't.  He frantically scanned his 
memory  for  explanations.   Was  he  paralyzed?  Cast  in  concrete?  Rendered 
motionless by some arcane wizard's spell?
 In reality everything can be much more simple. He was dead. At least he showed 
all the signs of it.

 "Genuine fake watches!"

 The voice was a lot louder now. It just repeated relentlessly. Cronos tried to 
crane his neck but couldn't. Instead he craned his eyes as much as he could and 
saw the type of guy you would expect to pop up at spectacularly gory  accidents 
in the street, selling sausages.

 "Genuine fake watches!"

 "Hey," Cronos tried to whisper, but nothing passed his lips. He tried to shout 
but that proved of no avail either.  Nobody heeded him, and there was no way he 
could cause people to.
 He  was beginning to feel just as genuinely uncomfortable as the watches  were 
fake.

 "Genuine fake crowns!"
 The man turned around to look at the mercenary annex hired gun.
 "Definitely genuinely fake!" he cried, eyeing Cronos rather more closely.
 "I  don't understand," a voice said,  and there was a female voice  that  said 
something  in the background.  Cronos blinked his eye a few  times.  The  watch 
salesman grew blurry.

 There was a distinct smell.  The kind of smell you always try to prevent  your 
dentist  from  smelling  but  that instead the man  himself  breathes  up  your 
nostrils when examing your orifice in the most minute detail,  every  agonizing 
minute it takes.
 "He appears to be coming to," the girl now said,  "good thing you did with the 
water and the feather."
 "Forget that," a man's voice said,  "or we'll get sued until we're both cross-
eyed. C'mon, give me that sucker."
 Cronos  blinked  his  eyes again.  He was quite sure someone had  just  put  a 
suction  device  in  his mouth.  Instinctively he  waited  for  the  inevitable 
conversation to develop.
 His sight was adjusting to the light.  The first silhouette it saw was that of 
the  ravishingly  gorgeous dentist's assistance.  What  a  silhouette!  It  was 
actually the first time in his life he had woken up with that kind of view.
 "Ha," the dentist said,  sounding happy,  "it seems we are waking up?  Have we 
had a nice nap?"
 Cronos wanted to say, "Actually, no, I had a bit of a nightmare where I sortof 
get  dumped  on  planets by the likes of you,  where I had  an  almost  perfect 
encounter with someone of a different and highly compatible gender but  somehow 
everything  went wrong.  I don't know how much time I spent in your damn  chair 
with  half your sucker collection dangling in my mouth,  but if you  think  I'm 
going  to  pay for this you've got another thing coming.  And I  hate  the  way 
you're talking to me as if I'm some half-arse imbecile.  I would, however, like 
to have a go at dating your positively lovely assistant,  though,  if you don't 
mind."
 He  tried hard,  especially with the last bit,  but all that came out,  as  he 
looked  at the almost totally bald head of the dentist whose face he now  quite 
suddenly remembered, was, "Hmmmm hmmpff dribble ow sshidd!"

~RED.PAL~
