OH YEAH III P1
~SECOND.FIL~
            OH YEAH III - THE THIRD ENCOUNTER (AND OF A CLOSE KIND)
                   by Stefan Posthuma and Richard Karsmakers


 "Oh, come on, relax."
 Cronos Warchild wanted to retort,  "That's easy for you to  say,  chum,  *you* 
haven't  got  a suction device hanging in your mouth and a  piece  of  drilling 
equipment  homing  in on your molars," instead  of  which,  however,  he  heard 
himself uttering something like, "Hmmmm hmmpff dribble ow sshidd."
 Why  was it a universal property of dentists to try and start  a  conversation 
with  someone  of whom the vital bits of his speech production  apparatus  were 
temporarily invalidized?
 He hated his annual checkup,  which is why this was his first one.  He already 
regretted not having regularly undergone them,  for now his dentist had started 
to actually physically drool when Warchild had opened his mouth to display  the 
oral  disarray that had prompted the visit in the first place.  He  could  have 
sworn  there were Thanatopian Credit signs in the man's eyes before  they  were 
quickly blinked away.  The man had looked familiar in a way many dentists  tend 
to.  Cronos  was  quite  sure  he had met the man before  -  he  just  couldn't 
remember, no matter how hard he tried.
 "Ssssjjjggrrrrrr," the suction device intoned.
 Warchild decided he didn't like the drill, and the sedative stings even less.
 "Now this may hurt a little," a positively gorgeous assistant had shushed when 
the  revealing of small syringes had caused frenzied fear to creep  on  Cronos' 
face.
 It  is said that the pain limit can be relocated to a rather  more  favourable 
position  in  the  presence of female beauty.  This is a lie.  On  top  of  the 
discomfort  of two pairs of hands working their ways in his orifice  he  merely 
felt an additional feeling not unlike cramp elsewhere.
 Now  what had the dentist whispered to that absurdly pretty girl  just  before 
that? Warchild had not forgotten his hearing aid this time, as a matter of fact 
he  had  even had new batteries installed.  Dura-something - he had  liked  the 
rabbit commercial. Now what was it again?

 "Better give him something extra.  He's a big dude.  A regular dose might  not 
work, and there's plenty of work to be done."
 The Thanatopian Credits had been in the man's eyes again, just for a while.

 Cronos  felt them turning him around.  And around again.  They  swivelled  the 
dentist chair a bit. A drill homed in on his eye. He wanted to cry but found it 
impossible  because of an excess amount of tools lodged  somewhere.  A  mirror, 
previously located on a wall at a sufficient distance, suddenly started to move 
around  the room.  At just a few instants after the mirror had started  moving, 
Warchild's personal tiny universe folded in on itself,  collapsing into a  tiny 
speck of blackness at the end of which there wasn't a spotlight.

 "Oh, come on, relax."
 He  had little other choice.  Four boys had tied him to a pillar and the  only 
thing his current position allowed was plenty of relaxing,  be it in a vertical 
position.  He  tried to move a foot but gave up when it turned out to be of  no 
avail.  He blinked an eye.  Even that was hard,  what with all the make-up that 
was clumsily painted on it.
 Now  all he had to do was wait.  Wait until the boys had decided to leave  him 
be, and then wait until school opened again after the holidays and some stunned 
janitor would find him.

 "I know something funny," one of the boys had whispered to him. He had come to 
life  there  and then.  None of the really popular guys in his class  had  ever 
found him worthy of confidential information.  Nobody had whispered anything in 
his ear. He wished it had been a girl, but for now a boy would have to do. Male 
to male bonding it was called, he thought. Anyway, it was better than nothing.
 He had waited breathlessly until the confidential revelation would follow.
 It had caught him totally unawares when it had turned out to be,  "Me and Tony 
and Jack here are going to tie you to that pillar overthere and then paint  you 
with girl's make-up."

 He  had been lucky.  They hadn't used reinforced tungsten scarfs to  tie  him. 
With  any  luck,  halfway through the holidays he would have  wrenched  himself 
loose and then try to stumble home.
 He  wondered if there were any school buses driving in the middle  of  summer. 
No,  probably  not.  He'd have to walk the way home.  But he'd been  worse  off 
before.  He  didn't know exactly when that had been - his memory refused  quite 
desperately  to let the event escape from its psychological hiding place -  but 
he was fairly sure it was true.  Anyway,  what was 80 miles to a healthy  young 
lad?

 A  stinging  pain  invaded his consciousness.  He  thought  he  heard  someone 
shouting angrily, "I told you he needed more. Give him another shot!" There was 
a pause. "What do you mean, 'where'? Anywhere will do. As long as it's lots."

 He  saw  a familiar face.  It made him feel more comfortable,  but as  if  the 
emotion had to be punished the face changed into that of Jack,  then Tony, then 
that of Merle with its familiar already retreating hairline.  He tried to blink 
them away but they wouldn't.  He tried to reach out but his hands went  through 
the images, touching nothing.
 Then,  suddenly,  there  was his father.  He was holding a knife and fork  and 
looking rather too hungry.  The image was hit on the head by someone  else.  He 
wanted to see who this kind benefactor was, but somehow everything stayed hazy.

 "Oops," someone said.  A girl's voice expressed wonder somewhere on the  other 
side.  "Perhaps you shouldn't exactly have given him *that* much of the stuff." 
A girl started to sob uncontrollably.  "And certainly not *there*." The sobbing 
increased.
 There was a dramatic pause.  If thinking processes could ever make sound, this 
was deafening.
 The girl was padded on the back in consolation.  Then a man said,  "Perhaps  I 
have a solution."

 "Mother?"
 In reply he heard not the expected gentle sound of her voice he so much longed 
to hear, but a cold wheezy windy sortof breezy sound that he considered void of 
all  emotions.  When he opened his eyes he heaved a deep sigh upon  discovering 
himself  in  a  situation encountered rather too often for  any  one  lifetime: 
Stranded on an unknown planet without any clothes on.  This time, as opposed to 
all previous times,  there was a faint sense of relief;  he felt confident  his 
American  Express  Travellers  Cheques  were still in  the  pocket  where  they 
belonged.
 Only the pocket was probably somewhere altogether far away.
 He  could  even muster the enthusiasm to utter a heartfelt  moan,  or  even  a 
curse.  Life had its strange little twists and turns,  but why was *he*  always 
the one to get the wrong end of its twisted stick? He was getting sick of it.
 He  erected  himself.  A good thing was that there wasn't  anybody  around  to 
arrest  him  for indecent exposure,  but the bad thing was this also  meant  he 
couldn't rob anyone off their clothes.  His body was trained to block out cold, 
but  the  rather minute size of a certain bit of his anatomy betrayed  it  more 
than  adequately.  It destroyed his sense of dignity and on top of  that  quite 
literally nullified his manly pride.
 His head didn't feel like the proverbial half-peeled orange with squash  balls 
bouncing  to and fro in it - all things considering he felt  pretty  excellent, 
actually.  It  seemed to prove that last night had not involved a battering  or 
alcohol consumption. Only the matter involving bodily coverage would have to be 
resolved soon.  Hiding from sight his private parts rendered one hand  useless, 
something that could prove quite a disadvantage should this turn out to be  yet 
another dog-eat-dog world.
 He observed his surroundings.  Things were looking up.  His Travellers Cheques 
were most likely still in his pocket,  he didn't have a brainsplitting headache 
and he hadn't been dumped in some desolate,  filthy, scum-ridden back alley. He 
found himself looking at two eyes frozen wide open,  partly hidden by the  snow 
that had fallen on what seemed a mound of rubbish quite literally in the middle 
of nowhere.
 A metallic sound became apparent to the inner workings of his hearing  aid,  a 
little  world  on  its  own filled with electronic parts  and  sticky  bits  of 
cerumen.  Cronos  had  often wondered about it but never quite  understood  its 
workings at all. Anyway, that was not important.
 What was important, at least at this time, was that the device revealed to the 
mercenary  annex  hired  gun a kind of slow repeated laughter  that  seemed  to 
emanate from somewhere in the suspicious-looking mound.
 With  his  free  hand  he wiped some snow off the top of  the  mound  and  was 
momentarily  startled by the sight of some rather more unsightly parts  of  the 
frozen corpse,  its toothless mouth twisted in a dying scream of agony.  In its 
hand  the corpse was clutching a small device which Cronos momentarily  mistook 
for  a Gargantuan Organ Disruptor pointed at what he desparately tried to  hide 
with his other hand.  After fighting down the waves of nausea that ran from his 
groin  via his spine to his brain,  he pried the device loose from  the  frozen 
fingers and inspected it in more close detail.
 "Ha Ha Ha," the device droned.
 Cronos  squinted his eyes to be able to read the fine print on the  bottom  of 
the device.
 "Cyrius  Cybernetics  Laughing  Gas Dispenser  with  Pro-Logic  Audio-Feedback 
Unit," it read.
 Warchild  stifled a giggle and pocketed the thing,  after which he cursed  and 
picked  it up again.  It was then that he noticed the small nozzle on  the  top 
with a even smaller button next to it.  Even he knew that buttons were supposed 
to be pressed - unless they were labeled 'self-destruct' in bright red capitals 
- so he planted a meaty thumb on the thing.
 A  faint  hissing sound followed by a funny smell  tickled  Cronos'  olfactory 
senses  after  which he suddenly realized the absurdity of  his  situation  and 
decided to have a good laugh at himself.  In fact, he knew that this one had to 
be a real holler, a tear-jerker of monumental proportions.
 He started laughing.

 "It is a Class E ice planet,  sir,  average temperature -20 degrees  celcius," 
the  android  said,  "Lifeform readings negative,  and  no  Federation  records 
present in any of the databases."
 "Very  well,  Mr. Data,  perform  another scan when we pass the  system,"  the 
captain instructed.

 Snow  twirled  around  the vague shape that was kneeling  on  a  small  mound, 
clutching   its  belly  while  convulsing  heavily  with  what  seemed  to   be 
uncontrollable  laughter.  Loud wails of it erupted from its mouth,  and  tears 
formed  glistening  trails  of  frozen ice crystals down  the  face  of  Cronos 
Warchild, naked, freezing cold, alone in the middle of nowhere, and laughing.

 "I  won't  stop," the voice said,  reassuring.  It was the voice of  one  with 
infinite time, one with no desire other than to continue what was being done.
 Warchild  tried hard,  but failed vigorously.  He was finding it difficult  to 
breathe,  his entire body writhing and aching as yet another powerful boost  of 
laughter coarsed up and down his body.  He was beginning to laugh the laugh  of 
the insane,  the piping high semi-roar of girls,  whatever, but nothing vaguely 
male or heroic or mercenary-ish.
 "I  assure you I won't stop," the voice repeated.  Its owner seemed  to  enjoy 
doing  whatever  it was doing,  which was moving a feather up and down  one  of 
Warchild's  bare  soles,  his  victim tied down  entirely  and  immovably  with 
boyscout  knots.  There were some bystanders,  laughing for entirely  different 
reasons.
 Cronos' reaction was void of anything but laughter.  He would have laughed  at 
the crucifixion of Christ,  hollered in the face of Ashtaroth,  smilingly given 
the  finger to Cthulhu and hooted at Armageddon itself.  There was no  stopping 
it.  *They* had found his weak spot. For three years he had succeeded in hiding 
it  most  cleverly from his tutors and fellow students,  but somehow  they  had 
found out about it.

 The  dragon moved closer to him.  He tried to evade its mighty claws  and  its 
reeking,  fiery breath,  but the animal would not relent.  He took a few  steps 
back, suddenly finding himself up against a wall.
 If dragons could grin inanely,  this one would have.  It waited until it could 
close in on its victim. There was nowhere for the culprit to go. Supper time!
 "Feed  me!" the dragon said in some inexplicable language of its own.  It  had 
loved that film.
 Quite  suddenly a light struck the intended victim.  The dragon was  bound  to 
have  a weak spot.  All creatures great and small had weak spots.  He  had  one 
himself,  and if the dragon had it too he was saved for sure.  From his  pocket 
the  victim - none other than a Knight of the Round Table - took  a  quill.  He 
would  probably no longer be able to write with it a letter to his  loved  one, 
but at least he would remain alive to buy another one.
 Nobody  can  stand tickling.  Not under the soles of their  feet.  He  doubted 
whether  Atilla,  Hitler,  Napoleon or Caligula would have had such success  in 
their  conquests  had they not known boots and had been forced to  walk  across 
short grass.
 Triumphantly he extended the quill. The dragon wondered.
 Warchild  had been most rudely interrupted from his dreams of valiance  by  an 
odd feeling.  A fellow student looked him right in the face,  guffawing. It was 
Merle.  He had hated Merle for a long time but, in the way this tends to happen 
to  many  persons you don't like - including the person you  ritually  exchange 
addresses  with when on holiday -  both their careers had  quite  spontaneously 
unfolded in a similar way. Fate was like gravity - it sucked.
 "Now  we  know your weak spot,  Charwild," an almost demonic voice  had  said, 
"Next time try not to talk in your sleep!"

 The android gave his scanner displays a typical puzzled look and turned around 
to face his captain.
 "Captain,  the scanners seem to be picking up signs of a humanoid lifeform  on 
the planet surface."
 "But I thought you said there weren't any lifeforms on the planet."
 "Its lifesigns are weak, sir, they only just showed up on the scans."
 "Additional information?"
 "Hard  to  tell,   sir,  the  intense  snow  storms  and  other  atmospherical 
circumstances make it hard to be more precise.  The conditions do allow for use 
of the transporter, however."

 To relieve the tension,  Cronos let go of another shrieking gale of hard  core 
laughter.  It was beginning to hurt.  He doubted if he would ever again be able 
to hiccup without a pungent ache stabbing through most of his abdomen.
 "I am quite happy to continue indefinitely," the voice confided in him.
 Warchild  didn't  doubt it for a second.  Assistants at  the  Proximity  Sigma 
Mercenary  Academy were famous for few things but their relentless stamina  was 
one of them. He made a mental note, between a few violent convulsions, to teach 
Merle a lesson when - *if* - he ever got out of this predicament.
 A  part of his brain frantically signalled him to faint.  He  hated  fainting. 
Girls faint,  men didn't.  He was brought up with traditional values. But, then 
again,  perhaps  this  time it wasn't such  a daft  idea  anyway.  Perhaps  the 
tickling would stop.

 Oh, mommy, why wouldn't the tickling stop?

 Almost blotted out completely by Warchild's laughter, a voice said, "That will 
be quite enough."
 The world came in focus again,  and the echoes of his own laughter wore off as 
quickly as the violent feather-induced itch under his left sole.  The assistant 
jumped to attention.
 "Sir!"
 "At  ease,  sergeant," the man said.  It was a decorated  soldier,  wearing  a 
rather fancy uniform that betrayed a high rank. Warchild had never been good at 
learning ranks, but he reckoned this guy was pretty high up the fascist ladder. 
He  connected  the  face  with  a  name...salmon...haddock...carp...*Trautman*, 
that's  it,  Colonel  Trautman,  a man almost his father,  the  main  Academy's 
supervisor  and  director  of  daily  affairs,  probably  the  only  individual 
convinced that, deep down, cadet Warchild had things going for him.

 Cronos looked up through a haze of tears when some people materialized  beside 
him and the snow-covered mound.  There was a weird sound.  He couldn't make out 
any details, nor even the actual amount of individuals that suddenly considered 
it necessary to be present.
 "It's  life,  sir,  but  not as we know it," the android said.  He  looked  at 
Warchild  quizzically.  His  yellow eyes scanned the  mercenary.  Had  he  been 
capable of human emotions, he would have experienced something not unlike pity.
 "You wouldn't believe the things *I* see," another man emphasized, a black guy 
with  a permanent infrared vision device attached to his head,  "just  a  large 
blue shape with a tiny red sort of *worm* in the procreational area."
 A woman giggled girlishly and took out her tricorder. It uttered a few beeping 
sounds  and then became utterly quiet.  Apart from telling her that there  were 
the faintest traces of an alien gas present, its display read, "DEAD."
 "To our standards he isn't even alive, Geordi," she concluded.
 "But he's moving," Geordi said.
 "Death  and  mobility  aren't necessarily  mutually  exclusive,"  the  android 
remarked,  "for example, it is a well known fact the Muier Shipbiter, the large 
flightless  tracking bird of Altitude Pleiadis,  travels back to its  place  of 
birth  by  means  of  involuntary post-mortem  muscle  convulsions  induced  by 
electrical patterns emanating from the brain decomposition process."
 The android uttered a meaningful pause for dramatic impact, totally failing to 
sense the fact that all people present thought he was a smart-arse, then added, 
"The  largest  recorded  distance  covered  by  this  wholly  unique  means  of 
vertebrate propulsion is 67.62 earth miles."
 "What do you think of this,  Commander Riker?" the woman inquired,  indicating 
Warchild.
 Cronos  deemed  that instant perfect to demonstrate once more  the  extent  of 
movement  his  apparently dead body was capable of.  Another  fit  of  laughter 
shuddered his being.
 "Well,  Dr Crusher," the Commander replied,  a man who had so far observed  in 
silence, "perhaps it's some kind of hibernating species."
 "Hibernating  and  laughing at the same time?" a Klingon  intoned.  He  wasn't 
amused  and was nervously fingering his phaser.  In Klingon society you  didn't 
laugh  in the presence of others.  As a matter of fact he found  this  humanoid 
blatantly  insulting,  dead  or not.  Back home he would  not  have  restrained 
himself.
 "Riker to Enterprise," the Commander said after hitting himself on the chest.
 "Go ahead,  Number One," a voice came from nowhere.  It was the kind of  voice 
you would attach a bald head to.
 "We  found  a life form here that may be in need of medical aid,"  Dr  Crusher 
said, ignoring the Klingon's snort.
 There was a pause.
 "OK," the voice out of nowhere spoke.
 "Six to beam up," the Commander said.
 There  was a strange light effect,  as if in some cheap SciFi series,  and  an 
equally  strange sound.  Once that had ceased,  the only sound was that of  the 
wind, breezy kindof windy.
 In  the middle of nowhere there was a mound next to which lay a partly  snowed 
in  Cyrius  Cybernetics Laughing Gas Dispenser  with  Pro-Logic  Audio-Feedback 
Unit, but it was beyond the corpse to be able to laugh about it.

~RED.PAL~
