PINBALL NO LIMIT2

                           ----------------
                              NO LIMIT 2    (VERSION 1.01  27.6.1994)
                           ----------------
                                                                     
This one of the three pinball games we test this time. There are a lot 
of these kind of games out for the Falcon so there must be something 
to it after all. I personally think it is because of the fact that 
there are several of pinball machines on the PC which most of the time 
look and play great ( that is if you like these kind of games).

So let's tell what we have here to play with...

I tested No Limit 2 on a Falcon with an RGB monitor connected ( but 
it also works with an VGA monitor on it !!!! Great because many 
programmers do forget this option) and with several ACC installed
(So no clean start...). The game starts with a kind of alert box with
3 boxes in it saying in German: 
  
                REGISTRIERUNG   ( Same as register )
                SPIELEN         ( Play the game )
                ABBRUCH         ( Quit ) 

I choose SPIELEN because I wanted to play this game. But before I was 
able to play there was a title picture (looks like and 256 color picture
to me) showed stating the name of the game and a piece of sampled music.
Pressing the spacebar I got into the selection menu containing:

             --------------------------------------
             F1  Start game
             F2  1 Player  ( up to 4 can play !!)
             F3  Highscores
             --------------------------------------
             Falcon option
             F4 Music On   (can also be turned off)
             --------------------------------------
             F9 Quit  (You can always try that one)

After you have selected the number of players you must choose F1 and 
of you go. But before you start you must know the Game logic:

 *Bonus:      Hit the targets in the upper screen to multiply the bonus.
              Use Shift-keys to move the lights.
              
 *Jackpot:    Six times you have to pass the left track to open the
              jackpot.
 
 *Targets:    After hitting a lot of targets you can enter the lock to
              get additional events
 
 *Extraball:  In special moments you have to pass the left track. The
              blue arrows will be lightened. Do this three times and 
              you will get the extraball.
  
Okay now you know what to do so lets start.The first thing you will see
the is what you see below. These are screenshots of the view you get 
(just a few colors disabled but there isn't much color anyway !!!)
~PIN1.BLK~
























~PIN2.BLK~







                  This is the pinball machine in it's 
                  full length. About 500 lines big in
                  about 16 colors (well 16 color mode
                  is chosen but not all 16 are really
                  used as I discoverd).


                  The Keys:
 
                  *SHIFT keys to control the paddles 
                  *ALTERNATE key to pull the plunger
                  *SPACE for nudge ( could cause TILT )
                  *ESCAPE to quit the game
                  *P for pausing the game



~PIN3.BLK~
                  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 




Okay the game itself. For one I like to play pinball, the real and 
many of the computer versions. But this one, well it could be better. 
Why ? The whole thing is a bit on the bouncing side, by that I mean it 
almost looks as if the machine is shaking around the ball and not the 
outer way around. As soon as the ball moves a litte up the whole 
machine moves up. This makes the game very restless. Better would be to 
wait to a certain point and than move the machine (just a tip like in 
Starball). Further more there aren't that many objects to bounce 
against or to get points. There should be more action and colors. But 
don't fear, the future will bring more according to the programmers 
like: 
      - multiballs
      - improved graphics
      - reduction of the source-code using efficient packer
      - score display with graphic effects
      - ramps & different levels
      - tracker sound
      - 16bit sound with Falcon (using DSP 56001)
      - use of new screen resolutions (Falcon)
      - new features like magnets, multiballs
      - ...

      so not all hope is lost. No Limit II can be a good game but the 
version isn't.  But this is the first version of No Limit II that runs
on coloured STEs,TTs and Falcons. One Megabyte is required.

 
Further ideas are welcomed!


         Coding                     : Andreas Krober
         Graphics and Sounds        : Harald Bender
         Physics                    : Patrice Petong
         Additional Code            : Patrice Petong, Harald Bender

The quality of further versions and the speed of the publication will depend
on users resonance. So please get registered and pay the registration fee.

The product is SHAREWARE ! If you like it, please send 20 DM or 10 
POUNDS (in european countries) or 30 DM or 15 US$ (in other countries)
to the following address:


                           Andreas Krober
                           Trautenauerstr. 21
                           44225 Dortmund
                           Germany

                      Mausnet: Andreas Krober @ DO


This fee contains the authorized use of demo program and a free update
which will be sent after the completion of the new version.Next versions
will need a software-key. You will get this, too.
 
Review done by Bonus Software

