REAL-TIME 4
~ESHER.FIL~

 17:52

Yes all that swimming makes you very very hungry. But all 
is well now, the food was great (junk with lotsa saus and 
grease). Currently we are having a small discussion about 
what girls want, in the sense of "what kind of man". Silly 
thing to talk about. Let's go back to the swimming part, 
which was great. Going down the water slide was lots of fun 
indeed, woooww what a speed. We should do that again next 
time although that might not be until around November. I 
think it will be cold by then but what the heck! Oh, well, 
I think it's about time we went home again, because Slimer 
has to take a train to get home...

 BONUS

18:14

OK, we seem to be near the end of this visit. I think it's 
time to pack our bags!

 Sietse

18:20

Indeed it appears to be. Bonus' Falcon is unplugged, 
diskette box locked, and various items - including socks, 
pairs of trousers and sleeping bags - are put into 
transportation facilitators so be carried down into the 
Ford Escort 1600 GSi ("Ahem, ahem, cough, cough, if it's 
one of the 24 that are made in the Netherlands I'd like to 
have it known that it's actually an RSi", Bonus 
quote)...er...1600 RSi Bonus is proud to call his own. The 
sun has probably made it a nicely hot greenhouse again. I 
for one am glad that I can just stay where I am. I don't 
need to travel back home for a few hours. I can just sit 
and put ST NEWS disks in envelopes, have Miranda lick some 
stamps and then send all stuff off. It seems they are 
mostly ready now. Guess who will probably have to carry 
Bonus' heavy colour monitor down again? Incidentally, he 
has the very same Grundig PM 015 RGB colour monitor that I 
still have.

 Richard

 18:27

They are now talking about MODs!? Anyway, we packed our 
bags and are going to leave now...

Bye from Bonus und Slimer (DBA ½1994)

 18:34

They have entered the car, packed and all, and are off. 
Silence pervades the house now. Miranda thinks it's too 
warm to utter too many words now, and these new friends are 
off to the north again. I might be there with a finishing 
of the next "DBA Magazine", or I might not. We'll see. As it 
is, The Finishing is now over. Tonight there will be one 
large washing-up, and a lot of TV watching ("Star Trek: The 
Next Generation", "Whoops!" and, I seem to recall, a rerun 
of "Columbo"). So this is the end (my friend). My friend 
(the end).

 Richard

And indeed, this was the end of a really hot weekend. Not 
long after they had gone I switched on my Falcon with my 
usual boot disk, to discover it caused four bombs to 
appear. After booting without the disk and checking it with 
the "Ultimate Virus Killer" it revealed the presence of 
"Ghost Virus I". Sometime the evening before they had 
already given me a disk containing "Ghost Virus A".
Thanks guys! (No thanks, it's PD you may have it for free, 
maybe you could do a review on it...Slimer(ED)).

   The End of The Finishing of ST NEWS Volume 9 Issue 2
~GREY.PAL~
END OF ARTICLE

