SYNERGY DEMO
~SECOND.FIL~
Hello, this is O.T.M. behind his trusty keyboard, after being absent
for quite a long time...

Other duties needed my help. But tomorrow we are leaving for Bremen
and before we leave I just want to have finished this review. 

Bonus asked me if I could do the review on the Synergy Demo. He had
been given an original disk from our dear Wingleader, but his Falcon
refused to cooperate in his task to write a review. So this is why 
you are now reading a crappy review of this demo done by me...

This demo...

I would not call this demo "a demo". Because it's lots more... And for 
that matter it only contains three demo-screens, and an intro. But 
that's not all. if you get a copy of this "demo" you also get:
"Crapman: a game for real heroes.", and a version of "Chipmon II"

In this "Demo" (I keep using this term, because I haven't found any 
word yet which matches with what I mean.) Synergy are trying to get rid
of the Beat Dis-attitude as they call it themselfs.

One of the screens called "Pajaro", which means something like "Lucky
Bird", they are explaining their drives, needs and points of view. 
They are explaining who they are, what they do, and what keeps them 
alive. All the members of Synergy have filled in some type of 
interview which informs the reader of everything he wants to know. 
(Mental state, work, sex, etc...etc...)

Good screen, with a nice intro, and works out very well. Though I must
admit it contains a lot of information, and I think that most of the 
people will skip this one, because it is not interesting enough 
(for them.)

Next on the list we have Crapman: A game for real heroes.
This is a Pac-Man type-of-kind-something game done by Synergy. It
has loads of extra's, and other things. Like some nice animations
and stuff. Most of the common languages are supported, so you are
now able to understand what they mean with the animations. 

Nice game, got nothing more to say about it, just go out and play it.

Next non-demo-thing-on-disk (two that is) is a version of chipmon II
This on was a bit dangerous for me, because it is a composor-kind-of
thing. So I had skipped this one. It seemed to work o.k. but as far
as I was concerned it was back to the demo-time.

Continue with "Having a period in 3D space". Good screen, a real 
Synergy product: Solid coding, entertaining and some nice effects.
That's it for this screen, got nothing more to say.

Symbiosys is the guestscreen done by Odyssey creative design. This
one contains some very nice effects and things that make it very 
interesting. Very good graphix, and a nice sound track.

Finally (or not) the credit-screen. this one is done very nice.
It contains some nice info, and you won't get bored, coz there are
lotsa nice wobbly and colourfull things accompanying them. 

This leaves us with the intro/main-screen. The intro is done very 
nice with lots of logo's, and a quite nice and fast introduction
of the group. The main-screen contains of a box which you can turn
in all directions with the cursor-keys. Every side of this box 
contains the name of a screen. If you press space the screen that is 
shown to you will be loaded. You can change the turning speed of the 
box by pressing the function keys. 

All in all...

What do you get when you obtain a copy of this demo. You will get 
two disks with loads of information, and solid-idiot-proof-code.
Most of the screens intend to be very long, and as always the best 
is saved for last. So it takes a lot of time to see and know 
everything. (At first it may seem a little hopeless, but your waiting
will be rewarded in all the screens!!!)

Synergy have brought a new concept in the demo-world, and they are
proud of it. (They should be.) As they say themselfes: "We are very
pleased with this product." For some people the Chipmon II can be
very interesting. And ofcourse for all you game-freaks out there,
get a copy of this demo and play Crapman like hell.

Not everybody will see the beauty of this product but is you open 
your eyes you could discover a whole new world....

O.T.M. of the D.B.A.


