A TRUE STORY...
                       Some Heavy Craptalk by Me,

Hi' this is me..........

See ya next time.......























                             Just kidding,

This is Slimer( ofcourse ) with some crap for you.
F..K what shall I write this time........
Is this crap or is this crap !!!
Yeeaaahhh I know what I can write about.......
Many people ask me....Slimer why do you have this bullet hanging on a
little chain around your neck !
This is a long and very a bloody story !
It all started in the year of our lord 1964, I Slimer was a soldier in
the Friese army !
By the way Friesland is a land in the Netherlands (sort a like a province).
Next to Friesland is a province called Groningen( in this province
lives only dumb farmers) !
In the beginning when Friesland was a very big and powerful country the
province of Groningen was a part of our land !!
But the people from Groningen called Groningers had the nerve to seperate
themself from our beloved country.
They invented there own "language"(dialect), from that day on there was
a sort of war going on between Friesland and Groningen !

Okay so far so good, now to the story of the bullet !
As I was telling you that I was a  soldier in the Friese army and in the year
1964, we where fed up with these dumb farmers.
So, we declarded them war !!!!!!
I Slimer was already a wellknow warhero, so they made me supreme commander
of the Friese army !

Okay, this gone be exiting now...
The Groningers started the attack, thousands and thousands of pessants came
running to our defense line !
I and my men( about hundred, the rest of the friese army was on vacation)
we saw this huge army coming towards us !!!
So, we shot about thousand pessants, and the Groningers pulled back quickly !
The casualties where very minor on our side, just one Fries who was sick
after drinking to much beer !

The pessants where very shocked after seeing the huge moutains of corpses.
So, the general's of the Groningers where very angry, they asked 
themselves where did it go wrong !
After hours of speculations they dicided to give the pessants weapons !!

In the early morning of Sunday 8 october 1964 they started a new attack.
Hundreds and hundreds of pessants where running toward or defensive line !
I was just takin' a leak( piss ) when I heard the screams of hundreds of
pessants beeing shot in the nuts by our guns !
So, I tought lets take a look, but when I looked outside trough the window
a bullet with my name on it came wissling by.
The bullet hit the wall, it missed me because the stupid farmer who shot
the bullet had spelled my name wrong !

This accident is nowadays known as the story about the bullet of the
Groningers who almost hit somebody !
That's why I have this chain with the bullet hangin' on my neck !
After the final attack wave the Groninger army was beat !
We had to finish the job by nukin' the whole province with cowshit !

That is the end of the legend of the bullet who almost hit somebody.
If there are any girls out there who want to see my war wounds just
send a letter and maybe I will show it to ya' !
Sorry, to miss Angel and to my curly girly for wearing it, I know you
don't like it( thats why I wear it !) !!

                        This Slimer saying keep cool shoot
                        yourself a girl...................










 



