SWAPPING
           ---------------------------------------
           THE ART OF HOW TO GET A FAMOUS SWAPPER:
           ---------------------------------------

After Vigo of D.B.A. asked me to write some articles for their famous first
issue of the D.B.A. magazine I had some terrible plans to piss some people
off. Some great titles of articles came up in my dirty mind, but I am not
such a lousy piss-off-somebody-guy, so expect a better article of Ivo of
IenX ...... Well, I used to be a swapper, so that's the reason I am gonna
give all those lazy swappers out there some hints to get a famous one !
About 1 1/2 year ago I started to swap all those old crappy games like
Super Hang On and International Karate + ... I bet all those just-started
guys remember those days. Right now I swap better stuff and most of those
guys won't understand, but it's mega fun to be copying all the time !

NOTE: In case D.B.A. doesn't want illegal stuff in their magazine I will 
      say I just swap only legal stuff like demo's, etc !

All right, down to bussiness. How do you become a famous swapper ......

1) Make sure you got a neighbour who is a nice chap and still has lotsa 
   great software (Yep, you are right: "and still" ! Most of those famous
   guys won't give you their hottest software without you paying for it !).
   That's not all. At the time that you get of the same size as his swapping
   bussiness, make sure he quits the ST !!! Great eh ? He will probably 
   give you all his best addresses and latest software before he quits.

This is the most important part of this article. Without good friends it's
impossible to get to the highest ST swapping scene ..... I won't get
personal, but I still have to greet my own neighbour who helped me a lot to
get a good swapper. Thanks .... (You know who you are !).

2) Make sure you get Universal Item Selector as fast as you can. Why ? Well,
   many disks contain hidden files (Never heart of that eh ?). Universal
   Item Selector is the only utility which can create or show those hidden
   files. Not all disks contain them, but about 25% ! Just show them and
   read them in desktop. They will most of the times contain an address !
   (Hint: Don't try this on Pompey Pirates menu's, because hidden files on
   those contain only crap-talk. Pompey Pirates never leave a byte unused,
   so they type in nonsense). When you find an address, write a letter.

P.S. For all unknown dudez: Pompey Pirates is a legal demo crew (?) ....
     Sorry guys, but this disk has to be Public Domain .... Haha

3) Quit this silly magazine right now and get your ass into Tempus. Design
   a nice .TXT file and put it on all your disks and I mean all ! Make sure
   the .TXT file contains your address and some nice words which makes it
   attractive to get people write you ... Easy does it. All other ST guys
   will write you a letter within the month because of the simple reason 
   that the .TXT file will be copied on each disk which comes out of your
   collection. It spreads like hell !

In case some of my contacts still find these .TXT files on there disks:
Please forgive me guys. I have quit this address-spread-bussiness long
ago, because these files are fucked up. Although they are very useful to
get new contacts !

4) Another very important hint: Don't ask for software what you want. Only
   ask for stuff that another contact of yours want. If MR.X wants a nice
   demo and he has a nice "game", just get the "game", because MR.Y wants a 
   nice "game" and he has a good demo which you can send to MR.X, etc, etc.
   At this way you won't need software yourself !

I bet you think it's a stupid hint, but at the time that you get another 
contact you can swap the demo for stuff you want yourself. This hint is
only in case you have 2 contacts.

5) Be a reliable guy ! This is a personal hint, because I HATE un-reliable
   contacts. When you ever contact me, make sure you be one. The best crews
   have a nose for lamers (?), so make sure you ain't a lamer. The key
   question: What's a lamer ? Answer: Guys who ask "What's a lamer ?"
   You get it. As you can see out of this piece of text. Un-reliable guys
   are lamers, but I think this opinion is different for everybody.

6) If you ever find an address in a file (hidden or not) or in a scroller,
   make sure you write a letter immediately, because the most important
   words at the swapping bussiness are:

   "The more contacts you have, the better swapper you will become !"

   Make sure you get these words into you mind and act like them. Get
   yourself good contacts, because your neighbour will quit the ST soon
   (To understand this, read hint number 1).

Well, I guess I have been burned out. This text is really messy. Why am I 
writing this crap ? It's full of nonsense and D.B.A. wants a good magazine.
All right, I have no choice. I have to quit for one simple reason:

         ----> "THE BOLD AND THE BEAUTIFUL" is on t.v. <-----

All right, see ya all at the ST scene at about 1 year. Bye ......

Text typed by Ivo of IenX.
Use the hints if you want and don't use them if you don't want to use them.
Easy eh ?

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

