OVERALL VCR TIPS

                                                    article by Slimer......
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      S O M E  O V E R A L L  T I P S

--------------------- ******************************* -----------------------

The Hi-Fi box seems to be very popular among our readers, several people that
filled out the big D.B.A. inquiry had positive reactions about it.
I'm very glad that i'm not typing this for the cat his tale( dutch saying ) !
Okay fans, lets go for it,
 
As we all know the sound in a movie theater is always superior than that of
your TV set at home ( in most good cinema's though ).
I know that you can go out and buy yourself a Hi-Fi VCR and a big flatsquare
stereo color TV, but most people don't have the cash to buy those.
For people that already own a Hi-Fi VCR and a stereo TV this article may also
contain some useful stuff( at the end of this article ).

I suspect that most of you have a mono VCR and a mono TV, well the mono
speaker in your TV is not capable of producing the overwhelming sound of
a dolby sound system in a good chinema !
Now don't expect me to give you the recipe for a free homemade dolby sound
system, but you sure can get better sound than you have now !

It's very easy to create, all you need is your Hi-Fi system ( preferably
standing in the same room ) and some wire !
Yes you just have to connect the VCR or TV to your Hi-Fi system and you have
a big sound improvement.
But there is more to this, you have to place your speakers on both sides of
your TV ( say a half meter from each side ) to obtain the best sound.

WARNING: Don't place your speakers against your TV set, this can cause
strange colored spots on your screen ( caused by the strong magnets in your 
loudspeakers ).
I did have some experience with this myself some years ago when i placed one
loudspeaker against my mothers stereo color TV.
A green spot appeared on the left side of the screen( the speaker was 
standing on the left side of the TV set ).
I was wondering what was going on, so when i removed the loudspeaker the
green spot disappeared !
The TV screen was distorted by the magnetic field around the loudspeakers.   

On the backside of your videorecorder you will find an AUDIO OUT socket 
( with stereo VCR's there are two sockers ofcourse ).
Now thats easy, the other side of the wire goes in your AUX socket on the
back of your Amplifier or midi/mini set( see piccy below ).
Yes but you have one AUDIO socket on the VCR and two AUX sockets on your 
amplifier ( the left and the right loudspeaker ).
Simply connect two AUX plugs on the same wire ( two times mono )but watch out
don't forget to connect the + and the - right !
In most of the electronics shops you can buy these wires complete with the
connectors already on them.

                   ~VCR.BL2~










If you have connected the VCR to the TV you have to switch the amplifier on
AUX and you will hear a much better sound.
When you put on both the sound of your TV and the sound of your Ampifier on
the same volume you can hear a bit of echo ( space sound ).
This is very simple to explain, the sound that comes from your amplifier is 
reaching your two loudspeakers just a bit later than the sound that comes
from your TV speaker.
Why...... well the wires between your VCR and Amplifier and the Amplifier to
both the speakers is much longer than the internal wiring of your TV speaker.
The Amplifier sound travels a longer way then the sound of your TV, this 
gives you the space sound that you sometimes find on stereo TV's !

People that own a stereo VCR have much better sound if they hook their Amp.
up to their VCR. 
This is a nice tip for people who own a stereo VCR and a mono TV, anyway the
sound of your Amplifier is most of the time better than that of your stereo
TV( plastic boxes are never that great to place speakers in ).
The quality of your sound depends a lot on your Amplifier and your speakers.

I own an old mono VCR and an old color TV but with the sound coming through
my Amplifier it is a real thrill to watch movies these days.
You can also record the sound on tape from concerts and that sort of stuff 
this way, so it gives also some more advantages.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Now some practical tips to keep your VCR and tapes in good shape,

-- Always clean your play/record head of your VCR after 20/30 hours with
   a cleaning tape.
   New are the self cleaning heads in VCR's, even the cheaper ones have these
   nice features these days( finally something that's really useful !!).

-- Do not open the VCR yourself to clean the head but let a professional
   handle it ( it's not a bad idea to give your VCR a tune up once a year ).

-- If you want to play a tape that you just rented or got from someone else
   don't put it in the VCR immediatly but wait till the tape(s) is on room
   temperature.
   You can get condense on your VCR head and it can make the tape stick on it,
   the tape can break or get stuck.

-- Don't leave a tape in your VCR for days/weeks, it may damage the tape.

-- If you read the tape tips in one of the previous issue's then you must
   know that the same rules apply for VCR tapes.

-- Don't place things on top of your VCR like tapes or a small carpet, you
   will block the ventilation holes causing your VCR to overheat.
   This could well make the horror movie your watching reality !
   
-- Don't place your VCR on the ground otherwise dust will get in your VCR.
   Remember electronic equipment draws dust because it's electro magnetic.

Thats it for this time, i hope that these tips are useful to you.
See you next time...........

