TURBODRIVE VCR

--/---/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--

                      PHILIPS VR 332 VCR REVIEW
                           - by Slimer -

--/---/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--/--

                            INTRODUCTION

In issue number 6 there was a big article on the Firato, a big audio/visual
fair where many welknown manufacturers show there new equipment.
Philips introduced the fastest VCR, this was a Video Cassette Recorder with
Turbodrive that allowed the user to wind and rewind with enormous speeds !
The VCR also reacts faster to commands, it goes for example from pauze mode
to play mode in less then half a second( 3 heads VCR ).

Well, sometime ago i decided to buy a new VCR because my old "Multitech" was
very very bad, i could only use it as a lousy moviebox (only to play movies).
I bought that old VCR for a few bucks so i could not complain to much but
we are living in 1993 and not in the stone-age anymore!
So, my new choice was a Philips VR 332 Turbodrive VCR, it was for several
reasons that i bought this particular VCR,

* I hate waiting for long videotapes to rewind and i hate waiting 3 minutes
  before the VCR decides to record when i press the record button.

* There where several models like one with PDC and Teletext, i decided to
  buy a cheaper model without the PDC stuff.
  PDC is still in it's development stage and it cost a lot more to buy the
  model with PDC and a Teletext decoder(which you need to program PDC with).
  Most of the programs and movies are always running on time on TV and that's
  why i don't bother buying PDC, the programming of this VCR is so simple
  that you can live without it !

* I like the model, it's small and light and looks good.

It seems that all new Philips VCR's have Turbodrive standard on board.
In the VR serie are a lot of models to chose from, i shall mention a few
of them that are on the market these days,

VR 223 - This is the one with PDC and Teletext decoder
         2 heads
         On screen display
         Timer: 6 programs within 31 days
         Tuner: 42 presets
         Auto Headcleaning system

VR 332 - The one that i bought but without the PDC and Teletext decoders.
         3 heads ( instead )
         

VR 231 - Same as the 332 but it has only 2 heads 

21DV1  - The same as 231 but only 4 program within 31 days, instead of 6.

Then there is the expensive Matchline serie, we then talk about 4 heads,
Hi-Fi sound and editing functions for sound and picture recordings.
The Matchline series have like all the other Philips VCR's also Turbodrive.
They have also some more extra's like a shuttle knob on the remote control and
that sort of fancy stuff.
But lets keep it with the VR 332 shall we,

                              THE VR 332 VCR 

It comes with a Remote Control that contains a digital display for programming
purposes and a good manual.
The manual is well written and it takes you step by step through all the
features and options on the VCR.
Supplied are also a scart cable and a normal coax cable.

Rather funny is the remote control, it looks like a bloody mini computer
and it is quite big for a remote control in my opinion.
There are only the tape function buttons on the VCR and the rest is integrated
in the remote control unit.
A big disadvantage however is that if your remote control is broke you can
not use several functions on the VCR itself !

The buttons on Remote Control Unit are easy to press and you dont have to
use 2 hands to select a function.

                              INSTALLATION

On the backside of the VCR are only a few connections,

One Scart connection 
One TV signal in 
One TV signal out
One power connection

Suprise, suprise, there is NO audio out connection, this means no sound
over the amplifier as i own a old color TV with no audio out connector.
Philips and others also, think that everybody that buys a VCR also owns a
stereo color TV with audio out connections.
Wrong, this means no extra sound ( snif ).

There is a big display on the VCR that keeps you posted on what is going
on at that moment.
A nice feature is the possibility to choose your own language, there are
several and you probably already guessed it, my VCR is displaying dutch.

In my case i use the Coax cable to connect my VCR to the TV with.
If you have a scart connection on your TV then use the scart because this
will give a more stable and richer picture !
After i connected the VCR i decide to set the time and the preset stations.

It's all very simple to do, there button with + and - and you can choose
the time by pressing either the + or - till you have it right.
Setting the presets is also simple, the VCR will search for every TV channel
automaticly and will place them in random order.
All you have to do is place them in the right order, simple.
It's all that simple and even very dumb people can program this baby (that's
why i bought it).

                           READY.....ACTION

I have no remote control with my TV, so i use the Tuner of the VCR and the
remote control to zap through the channels.
It is even possible if you own a Philips TV to control the volume of the
sound on your TV, you can even switch the TV off( only with scart )

When you want to record programs with the timer you have the choice to use
the digital display on the remote control or on the VCR display.
You only have to tell the VCR the day/station/begin/end data to program it.

As i said before the VCR has Turbodrive, this means that it wind/rewinds
at approx. two times the speed of a normal VCR.
When i tried the function for the first time i was rather amazed by it's
enormous speed.
I pressed rewind and the machine began to rewind the tape at a high speed,
it sounded like the whole thing would explode at the end of the tape.
But when it reached almost the end of the tape it started to slow down and
slowly continued till it finally stopped.
Great stuff, if it would stop at that high speed, the tape would probably
snap !

I played some old tapes that were recorded on my mothers old Akai VCR and
they looked a bit blurry.
When i recorded some test pieces it became clear that this VCR is by far 
better then my old one and better then my mothers VCR too.
But hey, you can't compare a old Multitech with a new Philips VCR and this
also counts for a 8 years old Akai VCR.
There was some quality loss between the actual picture on TV and the
recording i made on tape.
I used a rather cheap Fuji tape, so this can change when i buy a better and
more expensive tape.

The picture is stable and you can see clearly what is going on, the sound
with the recording is also quite good.
Because this machine has 3 heads it will give a pretty good steady picture
when you use pauze.
If there is any flickering it can be terminated with the tracking button,
the VCR will store the tracking information in memory. 

                           MORE FEATURES

Everytime when you record several programs on one of your tapes the VCR will
mark them.
This way the autosearch system can find the different programmes on the tape.
It saves you time finding the right program on the tape.

If you don't use a function on the VCR it will switch itself off after 8
minutes( to save power ).

Before you use a tape you must tell the VCR how long it is, this way you
know how long the tape has played by looking on the counter.

If a tape is write(?) protected the machine will throw it out after a while.

Another nice thing is the Automatic Headcleaning feature that will clean the
heads before you play a tape.
This is really a very handy feature that gives you a better picture and will
keep the heads in shape for years.
 
                   CONCLUSION AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION

It's a nice little machine with a good picture.
Everybody can operate it through it's simple control unit.
The Turbodrive system and the Headcleaning systems are a must for every
VCR owner, once you get used to it, you will never want something slower.
All the extra features are all quite useful instead of some of the features
on other machine's that you never use.
Tell me what use does it have to program a VCR for 356 days, you don't even
know what is on TV at the end of 2 weeks.

Now for some specifications,

* Keeps the preset channels in memory for 1 one year if the power fails
* Keeps the time/timer 7 hours in memory.

* Weight 4,6 Kg.

* Dimensions 380 X 338 X 86 MM ( incl. the little feets ).

* Quick rewinding time ( E-180 ) 95 seconds.

* It will use about 15 Watts and about 12 Watts on standby.

* Price around F.900,-- dutch guilders( about 300 pounds or something ).

There are more specs but this is quite enough i think.
It funny to see that my old and lousy Multitech is much heavyer ( 8.3 Kg )
and uses 40 (!) watts to operate !
It doesn't even come close to the quality and features of the Philips.

Certainly one of the better VCR's on the market ! 
