ABOUT DCD'S

                     What about COMPILATIONS?
                     ------------------------

It is now year 1992. There are several crews on ST-scene, who are
trying to reach the top by making their demo-compilations. I know
that we (I mean my own group) have done that by ourselves too, but
at least we tried to keep up the high quality on our CDs.

It is not good to make demo CDs, if you are not able to get the 
latest stuff on your packs... It would be much better, if the makers
of compilation-disks would join together and start doing just one
serie of demo-compilations. In that way we wouldn't have to pick up
hundreds of different compilations.

And it isn't only the demo-compilations. I can't figure out why people
are doing module- and sample-collections. If you're a composer, you
can get your samples very easily. You don't need any stupid sample-
compilations for that.

Module-compilations are usually pure shit. It is not cool to rip some
modules from Amiga and then put them on your disk with Pro-Tracker,
or that player from E.I. You can rip off those modules (because they
are good) and listen to them by yourself, but please do not spread
them all over the scene. 

Of course there are always exceptions. The High Fidelity Dreams from
AURA was kind of 'compilation', but it had their own code, their own
graphics and they had put much of their skills in making that disk.

I don't like talking about game menus, because I hate them. I own 
them too, but i think that cracking games in general is one stupid
thing to do. I don't mean that all the pirates should stop their work,
but how about waiting 1-2 months after the game has been released and
then crack it... That way the game would sell enough and the people
who don't want to buy it could get it a little later than usually.

Oh, before I forgot: don't make any ripped-fonts collections anymore!
It is lame to rip off others font. It would be much better if you
could see new graphics in demos instead of old ripped stuff.

If I drove someone crazy, please forgive me. There are couple of
good demo-compilations too (ANIMAL MINE, you're the best!), but
also too many compilations which are pure crap!


                                                    SANDMAN of FLASH

