VIDEO REVIEWS
~HEARTS.FIL~
==========================              'With money the human is a dragon;     
MAGNETIC PARTICLES DECODED               without money a worm'
==========================
     By Slimer

Here we go with the next good thing beside computers and sex, watching movie's. 
I prefer seeing them in the cinema but the lack of sufficient funds keeps me in 
front of a T.V. instead of the big white screen. But I look at the bright side, 
you can run particular shots in slow-motion... Anyway, with the amplifier 
hooked to the VCR, and the volume high it could be quite entertaining if it 
wasn't for the neighbours banging on the walls! 

I shouldn't write reviews in the morning, my brain is still sleeping. 
                                          ~FACE.BLK~


Movie quality ratings explained,   

*          -  Bad
* *        -  Below average
* * *      -  Average
* * * *    -  Good
* * * * *  -  Brilliant

----------------------------------------------------------------------------


ROBOCOP 3

Robocop            - Robert Burke
His female partner - Nancy Allen


The policeman in can, this time with extra accessories like a (plug and 
play)machine gun and a fancy flightsuit, is back. These new toys are necessary 
as OCP is taken over by a Japanese company. This company has only one goal, 
turn Detroit into a brand new city. Squads of special forces clean the streets 
of all citizen and deport them outside the city where they are being killed. 
Naturally there is a group of people that have formed some sort of resistance 
movement. These folks launch with aid of a 6 year old girl(electronics wizkid) 
a counterattack.

The leader of the special forces, naturally being a sick bastard, shows no 
signs of mercy when he blows away the partner of Robo. You guessed it already 
Robo gets pissed, joins the resistance and off we go. The Japanese, generally 
being electronic geniuses have come up with their own kind of Robo. This mean 
machine resembles a samurai complete with a sharp Japanese quality (cut and 
play)blade. Needless to say this movie contains some violence here and there...

Conclusion

There are a few semi-humourous bits in this video, one of them is a ripped off 
joke about a stupid jerk trying to rob a snack bar filled with cops. I've seen 
this scene before somewhere but I forgot which movie it was. There was one 
scene where Robo got repaired, you get to see it from his eye-view and the 
status showed: Command.Com ... Does Robocop run on Dos 33 or something like 
that, no wonder he keeps messing up. The special effects at the end of the 
movie are crap, especially the flying part...

Robocop 3 is just an ordinary action movie, the first one stays the best one. 
It is however good enough to watch!  

Rating : * * * 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

ON DEADLY GROUND 

Forrest Taft     - Steven Seagal
Michael Jennings - Michael Caine
Masu             - Joan Chen

For the fans of extreme violence, Steven Seagal is back. This time he plays 
Forrest Taft a specialist in fire-fighting burning oil installations. He 
works for Michael Jennings a money hungry oil baron that shows no indication 
of having feelings in any way. This guy is building an oil-rig on the north 
pole. There is one problem with that oil-rig, it has to be ready in two weeks
or otherwise he loses the rights of the land to the Eskimos. The valves in
the oil-rig are faulty and he knows that, but he hasn't got any time to order
good ones. A major oil disaster awaits.

Other oil-rigs of this oil baron also contain faulty valves and some of them go 
off in flames. Forrest Taft is the man to put them out. A friend of Taft 
discovers the problem of the valves and tells it to both the oil baron and 
Taft. Needless to say that our black baron isn't that pleased with these events 
and orders the man killed. Taft begins to complain too and barely escapes a 
faked accident where they try to blow him to smithereens. Here covers with the 
aid of some Eskimos and seeks revenge.

Our Baron hires soldiers of fortune to hunt down our hero and help him on his 
way to the land of the eternal flames. These soldiers find out that our friend 
Taft is some sort of super commando and than the fun really starts. 

Conclusion

This movie actually contains a message which is rather new for such a violent 
movie. Scenes contain cutting off fingers, bashing on them and sticking knifes 
trough peoples heads. It contains a huge amount of explosions in short 2 EPM (2 
explosions per minute)especially at the end of the show. Heavy stuff for the 
action fans, go out and see it ...          

Rating : * * * *

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stephen King's : THE STAND

Stu Redman         - Gary Sinise
Frannie Goldsmith  - Molly Ringwald
Nick Andros        - Rob Lowe

If you're having vacation and want to see a long movie, than this is the one to 
hire. 362 minutes(!) of movie crammed on two videotapes insures you of several 
hours of entertainment. I didn't look at the box, so I was in for a big 
surprise when I discovered the actual length of the movie .. The story is about 
a virus escaping from a laboratory and infecting the whole United States. There 
is slight problem with the virus, after you get the flue, you die! The coming 
of the virus is related to the introduction of his holy darkness, Satan 
himself. 

Not all people die of the virus, some are immune to it and live. All these 
immune people are dreaming the same dream. They see an old woman that asks 
them to come to her. She resembles good and recruits people to fight on the
side of god. His royal darkness is also out recruiting people for his own side.
Satan wears long hair, jeans and cowboy boots and doesn't look that dangerous
at first glance, but looks can be deceiving. He is out recruiting fruitcakes
and other weirdos like a dude called Trash, who has the strange hobby to set
things on fire. 

Finally two camps are formed, both spying on each-other and so on. Then on one 
day it is time to fight the Devil with the help of God (who does not exist 
according to certain sources). You find out for yourself what happens then. 
     
Conclusion

In spite of the fast take off, the movie gets to be a lengthy business after 3 
hours. It loses some of its excitement and the story gets a bit blurry. There 
are some very good scenes in this movie and also some good music. The devil 
shows little power and only does some morphing with his head, occasionally 
turns into a crow and does one special effect, and that's it. In the beginning 
he is mysterious and exciting but when you get to 'know' him he becomes rather 
'normal' I found that 'It' from Stephen King also screwed up at the end, the 
source of evil in that movie was a spider. I had something more tastier in 
mind...

Well, 6 hours is just a bit to long, it could have been done in 4 hours. This 
would have given the movie more speed! Anyway it stays worth watching!

Ratings : * * * *

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

DUNE

With Patrick Steward (The captain of the Enterprise in Startrek) and Sting

This story plays 10.000 years in the future and goes about several 'houses' 
fighting over 'Spice'. Who controls the spice, controls the universe. There are 
several 'houses' that are very interested in a desert planet. This desert 
planet is occupied with Spice, huge sandworms and a race of people called 
'Fremen'. The planet gets conquered by 'House Harkonnen' a rather nasty race of 
people lead by a floating fat guy (covered with big ulcers). Another race of 
people also settled down on the desert planet. The Harkonnen decide to wipe 
them out, but their prince or whatever survives the whole thing.

This prince becomes the leader of the Fremen, teaches them some rather neat 
fighting skills and voila instead action. The huge sandworms in this movie make 
a big impression. 

Conclusion

There is some more to this story but I forgot a few things. I would remark that 
for 10.000 years in the future the technology is rather simple. The sandworms 
in this movie are very convincing, but the rest is below par. It has to be said 
that the movie is from 1984. One last thing before I conclude this one, the 
story is a bit blurry. Bonus however liked the movie(figures) ...

Ratings : * * *

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

MONOLITH

With Bill Paxton, John Hurt and Louis Gosset Jr.

Detectives Tucker and Flynn arrest a woman after she shot a 10 year old kid 
dead. The woman turns out to be a Russian sciencetist. Before both Tucker and
Flynn get the chance to question the woman properly, she gets taken away by
some mysterious people working for the U.S. government. These people claim to
be working for the department of ancient research. 

The both detectives smell a cover up and tail the men as they take the body of 
the dead kid from the mortuary. The government men wear protective cloths  and 
load the kid in a van. While the detectives follow the van, it suddenly catches 
fire and crashes. The fire is so intense that no living being could survive the 
tremendous heat. However the door of the van opens and one of the government 
guys walks out. Tucker orders the man to stop, he does stop, his eyes turn red 
and a big ball of fire erupting from his head sets the policecar in flames ...

Both detective's survive and decide to continue their investigation. The 
stumble upon classified information considering alien life forms. From that day 
on they have to battle both the alien life-form and the goons that protect it. 

Conclusion

A subtle mix between a Science Fiction and a detective story. Nice special 
effect and some exciting moments make this a very interesting movie indeed.
It has been quite a while after I've seen an entertaining Sci-Fi movie like
this one. The movie doesn't have a really original plot but is good executed.
Hey, I'm a sucker for Science Fiction stuff, can't help it, has to do with my
genes ...

Rating : * * * * *

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE PHILADELPHIA EXPERIMENT II     

With Brad Johnson and Marjean Holden

Here it is the successor to the first T.P.E. that probably everyone has seen, 
either in the cinema or on the T.V. screen. The first one was an interesting 
movie that revolved around an experiment to cloak a battleship and make it 
invisible for enemy radar systems. It all played in World War II and science 
wasn't that advanced yet. The experiment failed and the ship and crew got sent 
to the present. When the ship returned, only one man survived the disaster.

In T.P.E. II a military sciencetist by the name of William Mailer has improved 
the first experiment. He sends a modern Stealth fighter including A-Bomb to 
Nazi-Germany. Needless to say that the Germans greatly appreciate this gesture 
and immediately turn Washington into a big mushroom cloud.
History takes another turn and David Herdeg (the survivor of T.P.E. I)wakes
up in a totally different world. The whole U.S.A. is dominated by nasty
nazis and the Americans are treated as slaves. 

One little thing went wrong when the Germans nuked Washington, they lost the 
stealth fighter also in the blast. The father of William Mailer who was an 
important man in W.O. II for the nazis, had claimed that he had build the 
advanced fighter. This was of course nonsense has the thing just fell from the 
sky. So, when the Stealth plane got lost in the big blast, the high ranking 
nazis ordered him to build a new one. He couldn't do it and committed suicide. 
His son William plans to go back to W.O. II to warn his father.

Our hero, whom we almost forgot in this story has to turn back the clock and 
save the world from the hands of the nasty nazis. He gets help from a 
resistance group and together with their female leader Jess, he goes out to
save the world. There is even more to this story but I'm not planning to give
it all away. 

Conclusion

Stories concerning time-travel like 'Back to the Future' and T.P.E. I and II 
tend to become confusing. Anyway, T.P.E. II isn't that exciting than I expected 
it to be. There is plenty of action but the part of the destruction of the 
Stealth plane could have been more juicier.

Rating : * * 1/2

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

STRIKING DISTANCE

With Tom Hardy        - Bruce Willis
                        Sarah Jessica Parker

Tom Hardy is a homicide detective working on the Polish Hill murders. Several 
females get brutally murdered, while the perpetrator calls the police and plays 
a song called 'little Red Riding-hood'. In the mean-time Tom accuses his 
partner Jimmy of ill-treating a suspect. Jimmy has to go to court and is found 
guilty, he has to go to jail. The colleagues on the police force look at Tom as 
a traitor. Tom also claims that the Polish Hill murderer is a police-man. His 
colleagues and superiors can't stand it anymore and Tom gets transferred to the 
River police. The police arrest someone who they believe is the Polish Hill 
murderer and the murders stop ... 

Our hero has become addicted to alcohol(just like in his real life)and seems 
doomed. However a new and attractive female partner get assigned to him and now 
then real fun starts. The murders start all over the again but this time the 
victims are all women he knows. 

Conclusion

A nice action movie with nice scene's here and there. However this one isn't 
that good as 'Die Hard 1 & 2'. What I really missed was the typical Bruce 
Willis humour. All in all a good video to rent but lacks a few things ...

Ratings : * * * 1/2  
~RED.PAL~    
