NEW DEMO NEWS.

Or what can you expect in the next few months...

Well there were a lot of groups at the Deusseldorf Messe that should
have released there newest demo. But as always many didn't make it in
time. But we have seen a lot of previews, so here is a small report of
what you can expect:

Group       : Synergy
Name of demo: ?
Sofar seen  : Some very smooth and very fast 3D graphix, a small pre_view
              of the music's made by Scavenger ( sound mega good) and some
              dots alike screen. More i can't (will not) tell you  

Group       :OMEGA
Name of demo:?
Sofar seen  :A very very nice and fast 3D animation and some new effects.
             Couldn't be released because Haq found it below the standard
             but everybody else thought it was great !!!

Group       :Aura
Name of demo:?
Sofar seen  :A lot but it is a bit difficult to explain. The sound is again
             very good. There are some very nice coloreffect's ( No No not
             just colorcycles more then that) and lot's of small but new
             and original effect. They said it was ready for about 60%.
             We will wait and see.

Group       :Lazer
Name of demo:?
Sofar seen  :A very small main menu preview thats all...
             Couldn't be released cause of a harddisk crash...

Group       :Independent
Name of demo:?
Sofar seen  :A smooth scrolling mainmenu, a bit Mario Bros alike game, works
             good. The rest is still a mistery.

Group       :The Pixel Twins
Name of demo:?
Sofar heard :The demo is for the STE and will contain new and orginal
             effects.
             It will take almost a year to complete it.

Group       :The Untouchables
Name of demo:Cheese and Biscuits
Sofar heard :It will contain questscreens and 3D objects.

Group       :D.B.A.
Name of demo:Just Funnier
Sofar seen  :Main menu and about 4 guest screens. All in GFA Basic and the
             last demo they will be doing on the ST and in GFA basic.

Well thats it for the demo scene we have seen sofar, there are some very
nice demo's coming ahead but we will wait until they are finished...

                                                Bonus Software 

    
