SCENE NEWS

                                                         ~HOTLOVER.BL2~  
                         NEWS FROM THE ST SCENE,

The Dutch ST crew called Sentry is little "bit" reduced.
Some of the members have joined up with Sewer Software 
and are working on some demo's.
The main coder Eagle is now a member of Hotline 
although he still does some coding for Sentry !
Last Report: A German crew called the Zodiacs have joined
up with SENTRY.
( see the pictures in the picture corner ).


The Overlanders are working on their new demo.
Rumours (!) go that they are not as active anymore 
lets hope that it is not true and that they finish their demo !
There seems to be a rather long and intresting scrolltext in it, which
features R.Karsmakers and a lot of other people ( maybe even me, Slimer ).

T.F.S. are working on there new mega demo.
It will be released in the beginning of October.
Well, were looking out for it !

Imagina are planning to do a diskmagazine also.
Well, even if we don't like to see more of those magazine's, We say to
you good luck anyway !
They also seem to be working on a new demo !

On 25-26-27 September 1992 is the Atari Expo Benelux in Eindhoven( Netherl.).
There are also PC's and Amiga stands, well lets hope that Atari doesn't
get drowned in them !

Delta Force claims that there is only one promising and active ST group
in the Netherlands ( Synergy )in the " Scene sucks article " in Maggie 10 !
I don't think that is completly true don't you agree !?

The Untouchables are also working on some new mega-demo !
We hope to see it soon, Mat !

An little group called Magnetic Minds are no more................
They are now D.B.A. U.K. and they going to do music, spreading and articles.
Success in your new outfit, guys !
( you can read more about this in the Editorial Corner of this magazine ).

ST NEWS 7.3 will be released at the beginning of November.
It will feature some very nice things and even a review of our magazine.

Some members of TEX and the Respectables seem to work on some demo's.
These demo's are for the new Atari Falcon computer and will probably show
us what the machine is capable of.

Hisoft seems to develope a drawing program for the Falcon.
Rumours go that people in Germany are working on a soundtracker for this
mean machine.
Read more about the Falcon in the special Falcon box in this magazine.

The Tos crew had a little ST party on 19/20 September.

We also heard that the The Heavy Killers and the DNT crew will do a magazine
together.
It seems that some coders of Futur Minds joined the ranks of the DNT crew !

DNS are working on their new drawing program.
It seems to work with a button system and it seems to look quite good.

