SNIPPETS

            Snippets (May 1992) brought to you by MUG U.K¿ (via CTW)
            --------------------------------------------------------


Psygnosis have signed Carl Lewis to endorse its latest game.  No doubt
it will be a sports simulation.  Now if it was the Ben Johnson simulation, 
you would have to waggle your joystick to inject steroids - but as they
say - 'cheats never prosper' !!

Psygnosis are bringing out "Dungeon Master" and "Chaos Strikes Back" as
a double-game pack soon for the usual price of œ25.99.  If you are new to
the ST and want to have a look at what started the whole 'role-playing in
3D' genre, then this is the pack to buy. 

                                  --- O ---

Ocean have secured the rights to one of the biggest (aren't they always)
licences of this year.  'Lethal Weapon 3'.  The movie has already opended
in the USA, taking $33.7 million in its first three days !!  Ocean have
got the US & European rights to all formats under the sun and it is trying
to get the game ready for release by Christmas 1992.

                                  --- O ---

ELSPA (European Leisure Software Producers Association) have made efforts
to tie-up the loopholes over cover-discs on home-computer magazines.  It has
released a new set of stipulations intended to increase the specifications
covering cover-discs that were issued just over a year ago.  A letter was
sent to publishers by the ELSPA general secretary putting forward three new
additions to the original agreement.

1. Magazine publishers shall, as from and including July 1992, agree NOT
   to carry any full game disk software which has at any time in the past,
   been published commerically at any price point.

   (Meaning: No more cover mounted free games - full-price or budget)

2. Magazine publishers agree that commissioning of full game disk based
   software from a recognised development or programming company shall be
   included in the agreement, as in item 1.

   (Same rules apply to games that were written by software houses for
    cover-disk distribution only)

3. It is accepted that full game based software from the public domain sector
   can be cover-mounted, but shall be restricted to a maximum of four games
   on any one issue.

   (PD stuff is OK, but only 4 games on any issues' disk(s) !!)

So far, Europress (Atari ST User & ST Review) are in favour of the new
proposals.  EMAP aren't two happy with the third clause (regarding PD)
and they reckon that this clause should be removed totally from the agreement.
Future Publishing (ST Format) have not released their views on the proposals
as of yet.

                                  --- O ---

Calling "Lemmings" fans everywhere.  Trials in the US on a Lemmings
coin-op have been successfully completed.  Before full shipping begins
a few more tweaks here and there have to be done, and then you can play
your favourite game in the arcades, pubs etc.  The main hassle is getting
people who have never heard of "Lemmings" to try the game, after all the
graphics aren't exactly awe-inspiring, are they ?

"Lemmings" is also available on the Apple.  Yet another classic to play
at work when you are supposed to be doing the DTP or spreadsheets !!

                                  --- O ---

I don't know about you, but in the UK football games only seem to appear
when the season has ended and the sun comes out so that even the most
die-hard ST owner opts for a bit of a sun-tan instead of killing the
latest alien-breed or whatever takes their fancy.  This year is going to
be no exception.  Seven different management or action football games are
due out soon or already released, including:

        Championship Manager                    Domark
        Euro Football Champ                     Domark
        European Championship 1992 (STE only?)  Elite Systems
        Graham Taylor's Soccer Challenge        Krisalis
        John Barnes European Football           Krisalis
        Sensible Soccer                         Renegade
        Striker                                 Rage Software

For those who don't know, Rage Software is the latest development house
to go 'public'.  They are also known as Special FX, who were responsible
for such conversions as 'Midnight Resistance', 'Terminator II' and more
recently 'Hudson Hawk'.

                                  --- O ---

Talking about Rage Software, they have landed the contract for the licence
to 'Batman Returns' for Konami.  They will be designing and programming the
Amiga, ST and C64 versions.

                                  --- O ---

Alternative Software have announced that they have the licence to do a
game based on 'Mr. I Never Do Drugs' himself, Hulk Hogan (sic!).  The
licence is centred around the film starring Hulk, 'Suburban Commando'
and it is due out in early 1993 on the Admiral label.

                                  --- O ---

Vektor Graphics (reknown 3D games authors - Killing Cloud, Bomber etc.)
have been bought by Microprose.  It is known a wholly owned subsidiary of
Microprose.  This means that Vektor will still be based in Leeds, but their
development team of 12 will be increased shortly.  The current title under
development by Vektor is "Flying Fortress", which will be released in the
summer.

                                  --- O ---

The following table published in CTW (18/5/1992 issue) will give you the
overall message that piracy is one of the major reasons why the Atari ST
is lesser-supported machine to develop for.  If you have any other reasons
that prove otherwise, send them into this magazine.  But don't waste any
time if you are a member of the 'we're gonna pirate everything that moves'
fraternity, because you'll be wasting disk-space !!


GALLUP MONTHLY REPORT

MARKET SHARE BY FORMAT
----------------------
(AT DATE 06/92)
                                % UNIT SALES

MACHINE TYPE    THIS MONTH      LAST MONTH      2 MONTHS AGO    3 MONTHS AGO
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commodore 64       24.1            25.4            25.1            25.7
Commodore Amiga    21.1            20.1            21.4            19.9
Spectrum           12.1            13.0            13.7            14.7
Sega 8-Bit          8.2             7.5             8.5             7.3
Sega Megadrive      7.8             6.5             6.5             6.0
Atari ST            7.6             7.2             7.1             7.6
Amstrad             5.5             6.6             6.9             8.0
Nintendo Gameboy    4.5             4.4             2.4             2.2
Nintendo Console    4.2             4.0             3.7             3.8
Sega Gamegear       2.3             2.7             2.2             2.4
PC Compatible       1.7             1.5             1.2             0.9
Atari Lynx          0.5             0.6             0.7             0.8


What the above shows is that Atari ST sales count for less than 8% of the
market.  The Atari is a good machine, it has it faults, but don't all
machines ?  By next year, or, if we are very unlucky, the top five positions
will all be console software (almost non-piratable), with the PC Compatibles
trailing in sixth or seventh.  If you doubt this, dig this issue out in a
years time and see if I'm right.

                                  --- O ---

In Denmark, a new anti-piracy initiative has started, which could have 
affects all over Europe.  Three major Danish firms began their campaign in
March this year, and claim to have located 90% of the territory's black
market operators - with names of counterfeiters who distribute software
via bulletin boards in the UK & USA also being gathered.

The firms involved are clamping down on Amiga and PC piracy with rewards
being offered to informers and staff even working under cover within the
gangs of pirates.

The campaign is set to run for two years, with a minimum (!) reward of
DKK 100,000 (œ10,000) being offered via adverts, news items and even TV !!

Some 700 names and addresses of pirates have already been collected and
evidence is currently being built up to help police.

A Supersoft spokesman commented, 'We will even find out who is distributing
the software direct from publishers in the UK or US before release.  Recently
Birds of Prey by Electronic Arts, was available in Denmark six weeks before
any official release!'

It is a worrying sign indeed that something like this could happen in the
UK.  At the moment FAST are only after the pirates who copy the boxes, disks
and manuals, but when the 'schoolboy' pirates are being sought after, that is
when the brown stuff is going to hit the fan .... especially when money is
offered as a reward !!

                                  --- O ---

That's all for my column for this issue.  I hope you liked it.  I would
like to return for the next issue, so if you want more up-to-date news
from the bowels of the Computer Trade Press (usually way before the
magazines print it - and a lot of the stuff that they don't print) then
keep this column alive.  I want to be here to inform you, but if I annoy
you, then let this magazine know !!


MUG U.K¿ - 01/6/1992


