ANOTHER WORLD.


Hello this is O.T.M. writing another text for the D.B.A.

I have got a summary for you from another nice game. 
This game is called Another World. You are a professor, and your 
going to your lab, with your Ferrari. You step in the lab's 
elevator, and you go down. You pass the security code, and the 
computer looks at your DNA. You are greeted by the computer, 
and it recognizes your Ferrari key. 
But now you go to work. Your sitting behind your three 
dimensional monitor, and you start your program on which you have
been working on for so long. You change some parameters, and you 
drink something while your working. Outside the weather is 
getting rougher. Then the lightening strikes the lab. It goes 
through the elektronic system of lab, and Baaaaang! You're 
vanished of the earth, and sucked into another dimension. 


Here the game starts. (Nice intro isn't it?)
The computer loads level one in, and you are asked to change 
disks. After you have done that, you have to change disks again. 
This is probably a kind of password check. 
I will tell you how to play level one later on. First I will tell 
you something about the game. It is a 3d adventure. It is a 
french game, but there is only some French text in the intro. I'm 
not quite sure if there are more French texts at the end, this is 
because I didn't play the whole game. This is because I didn't 
had the time, and at the end I lost the interest for the game. 

The thing that makes this game so special is that it has good 
animations.I can not tell you anything about the music, simply 
because there isn't. The sound-effects are very good, but they 
are very soft. You have to turn the volume button of your 
TV/Monitor,  very high, before you can hear every sound the 
computer is producing. 


The animations and the graphics are very good, and also very 
fast. 
Another thing that makes this game so special is that it is very 
realistic, you have to do everything by yourself. For instance 
in level 2 your put in a cage. You have to move your body so that 
the cage will swing. The swinging of the cage goes smooth, but if 
you are killed in level 2 you end up again in the cage and you 
have to start all over again. This is very frustrating, and it 
takes a lot of time. 

This is one thing  which will bore most of the players, including 
me.
At first it all looks very great, and if you have solved a few 
problems it is a nice game, but if you have played it for a while 
you will be bored, and you will do something else. 

The music and sound effects could be done a bit better I think, 
but it is still a nice game. If you like adventures, then you 
should have this game, because it has a new set up, and it has 
a good storie.
The programmers of Delphine Software have done a good job. Maybe it
was better if they translated the texts into english, but there are
so few that I think it doesn't matter much.






HOW TO PLAY ANOTHER WORLD. 



When you are in the water in level one you have to swim up as 
soon as you can, because else you will be caught by a kind of 
monster. When your out of the water you have to go right, and 
kick the black kreeping monsters. You can kick by holding the 
jostick down and push button or else just push button. If you 
have killed all the monsters in the screen, including the ones 
on the sealing (Watch out for them, because they can sneek up on 
you!) except for the small animal that walks you can go to the 
next screen. There you must kill all the monsters again as in 
the previous screen. And again you go right. Suddenly you will 
meet an roaring black animal which will try to kill you. You have 
run to the left as fast as you can. You have to do that until you 
have passed the water, then when you're in the next screen you 
will see a kind of rope hanging of the mountain. Jump into
it. The creature can not catch you. When the rope brakes you 
will be swinged into the screen where you came out of the water. 
Immediatly you have to run right again. ( I forgot to tell you 
how to run: push button and move the stick into the right 
direction.)
Don't stop running because else the lion will catch you. You 
will be stopped at a moment by an alien. He shoots the lion, and 
the computer will do the rest, enjoy the animation!!!!


Level 2


You are captured by the aliens. You're in a cage with another 
alien. At the back you will see aliens work. A guard is whatching 
you. You have to swing the cage left and right until it falls on 
the guard. When you are out of the cage, and the guard is dead, 
you must take his pistol. You follow the alien and shoot the 
other aliens who shoot you. Watch out if your fellow alien is 
shot, then you can die asewell, because you need him. Watch out 
for aliens who shoot you in the back. When your fellow alien is 
busy with the security code you must turn around, and make a 
shield with your gun. You can do that by holding the button down 
until there appeares a white ball at the end of your gun.
You have to reload it from time to time, but don't use too much 
of it's fire-power. When the alien is done with the security 
code you have to follow him to the elevator. You both go down as 
far as it goes. You get off the elevator, and go left. you fire 
at the wall ( a normal shot. ) you go both to the elevator again 
and go up. At the first stop you get off, and go left. You shoot 
the wall. (Hold down the button till a big ball appeares.) You 
go left, and stand on the hole, push the stick down, and run 
left again. Stand under the hole, and push the stick up. Go a 
bit left, and wait for the alien. The alien will put you through 
an hole. 


Level 3

This is very simple. You role to the left, until you fall, then 
you role to the right, you fall, you role to the right, you fall, 
you role to the left, and fall into level four. 

Level 4

You go through the door on the left. You are lifted up, and your
gun will be reloaded.
You go to the right, and blast the three walls. You run further 
to the right, until you see an enemy. Step out of the doorstep, 
and shoot him. Walk to the right, until you are in the screen 
with the edge. Take a forward run, and jump upon a lower edge. 
Blast on the lower edge the wall away. and walk into it. 

You have reached level five, but I don't know exactly what to 
do in level five, so I won't tell you how far I came, because 
what I do can be wrong. 

At last I will give you the level codes.

LEVEL 1 : EDJI      <--------- THIS IS FOR SKIPPING THE INTRO

LEVEL 2 : HICI 

LEVEL 3 : FLLD

LEVEL 4 : LIBC

LEVEL 5 : CCAL





Text by O.T.M.

 




