APACHE FLIGHT

APACHE FLIGHT

Well here is another review of a game by O.T.M.

Apache Flight is a helicopter-shooting game.
This game is produced by Minds I, and the graphics are
done by Martin Wheeler. 

When you boot up with the disk you see after a while, a nice
intro screen with a nice small music. In this intro screen
you are told that the game is produced by Minds I, and that
the graphics are done by Martin Wheeler. The way in which 
the letters show up on the screen is very nice done. 

Very short after that the game will be loaded. 
First you get an option-screen in which you can choose if you
want to see the High scores, or if you want to play the game. 
Ofcourse we want to play the game because we know that we
are not in the High-score table, and we have to do something
about that.

The game starts immediatly. You can move the helicopter by using
the joystick. You can shoot other helicopters by pressing the 
button, and then let it go ofcourse. You also can destroy things
on the ground like: houses, thanks, and other things that I can
not describe for you because Me EnGlish Is nOt Goed.
You can destroy things on the ground by holding the button down.
Suddenly the helicopter will produce a large bom which will 
explode the first thing that he meets on the ground. 

Now something about your enemies. As I said there are 
helicopters, but there are alse tanks, cannons (on the ground 
of course.), very big helicopters and even some airplanes. 
Most of the helicopters are not so easy to destroy because
you have to hit them more than one time, and here comes
the most worse part: those bastards shoot back!!!

Another problem is that most of their bullits are small, and 
they are verry difficult to see. 
If you add all problems together, you come to the conclusion
that this is another very difficult game. 

Now for my conclusions of this game. The sound effects are nice
and not very spectacular. The music is not bad. This is due to 
the fact that there isn't any music. And ofcourse what is not
there can not be bad. The graphics are nice, and for this game 
goes the same for Leander: they are very big, and still the 
scrolling goes smooth. 

Well I believe you already know enough of this game, and
I have to write more texts you know.
So I'm quiting now.

Read another text now.

O.T.M. 

