GRAND PRIX

GRAND PRIX

Here is another game done by Microprose. 

It is a Formula 1 3 D type of game. But before I start telling
you about this game, I have to tell you that this game has
so much options that I will only describe the most used
options. 

The game starts with a good intro whith nice graphics, and
nice music.
Then you can choose in which language you want  to play,
in English or in French. Then after some loading time 
you can choose if you want to ride a quick race, or if you want 
to wonder around in the main menu. If you choose the main menu
you can choose between many options like: Loading/Saving game, 
The car setup, the tracks, practice, the racing season, and lots
of other things. 

If you think you are fit enough to race, and you choose the 
racing season in the main menu, you can choose between a free 
practice, Qualifying, Race, and abandon racing season. 

As you maybe have noticed, this is a game for the real pro's.
Everything is so realistic, for example you have to choose 
between tires, you can change your gears Undsoweiter. 

This is one of the few games with a bit of realistic sound
effects, which is very good for the game because it gives you
the feeling you are really in a racing-car. 
Another good thing about this game is that you must be 
very carefull how you steer with your joystick, because if you
land on the grass, on thing is for sure, you car will spin, 
and you will loose more of those preciouse seconds (and 
positions). 
The 3d scrolling is good, but not very spectacular. I think
that the scrolling in Robocop 3 is much better. As I said, 
the sound effects are good, but as in the other games there is
very little music. Which is a pitty if I listen to the good
intro-music. 

If you like car-racing, then I think that you have to buy this
game because it is on of the best. (I'm not saying it is the 
best, but it is far much better as other race-games I have 
seen.)

Got to quit now.

O.T.M. out.

P.S.
Sorry I could write more, but there wasn't much space left. 
(Read Robocop 3)



