LEANDER

   L E A N D E R 
 

Yep and here is O.T.M. again with another very shocking text.

But seriously folks, let's stick with the program.
Ecto 1 asked me to write some texts about some games for the
new diskmagazine, and here they are.

One of these games is called Leander. 

When I got this game, and looked at it, it gave me my old MSX
feeling again. (Never knew I had such a thing.)
Here is the reason why: In this game you are a warrior who
has to search things, like a dragon's egg or a crown, in a 
world. When he has found it his journey is not at its end yet, 
he has to find the exit of that world, so he can go to another 
world. Now you probably still don't know what I mean with an 
MSX-feeling. On the MSX these games are made 13 in a dozen. 
The Japanese probably love these kind of games.

The second reason is: when you look at the intro, and you
take a good look at the faces in the intro, you may recognize 
a japanese style of drawing. 

With this I mean faces with a sharp chin, and very big eyes.

Now something about the game.
As I said you have to search for things, and for exits. Ofcourse 
there are also bas guys, and you may not touch them. 
You have a sword with which you can defend yourself.  
And if there are too many bad guys in the screen you 
can let yourself explode, which will kill all the bad guys
in the screen. 
This you can do by pressing the joystick down, and press fire
until a bar under the screen is filled, and then let the button
loose.

The game is not very difficult. The most important thing in this
game is to follow the instructions you get while the disk is 
loading. 

If you have found what you are looking for a small exit appears 
on the right just below your lives, now you just have to 
search for the exit. 

If you have found the exit, you have to stand in front of it, 
and then pull the joystick down. The exit will drown together 
with you into the ground, and the computer will load the next 
world. 

The graphics are good, although I have to say that here and 
there, some small faults are. Like a horse that is pulling
a wagon, but it is not attached to the waggon, and the wheel
of the waggon seems not to go round. The scrolling of the game
is good. Even if there are many sprites in the screen the screen
scrolls very smoothly. That is something you can not say of most 
of the games like: Total Recall. 

The only thing this game is really missing is that it doesn't
have music. Only in the intro there is a small music, but for
the rest of the game you only have to do with sound effects. 
Which are very nice by the way. And I think it is a pitty 
that the graphics are not complete (see above). 

It is a very nice game to spend a few hours on, and especially
when you like this kind of games. 

Whell I'm quiting now coz it is getting quite late.


O.T.M.


 

