NTM DEMO DISK 2


The second disk of the N.T.M. demo,

So we keep on flying and land on the next demo,

After a short load the smart demo want's to load the second disk. If
you didn't enter i already a big distorted disk wil appear on screen
an a voice in france will ask you to enter the second disk.
After you have done that the loading will continue to load...

CYBERFOX

This demo is mad by Senergy. After a short load the demo starts with
a big starfield and text appears on screen. The text is "scalled" you
could alos say zoom but backwards !!.
After a short introduction text the music changes and a star wars 
scroller now takes over the job of displaying text. Meanwhile a 
big ball figur bounces over the screen, which is a bit comtrolled by
the soundchip music. That it, looks good, read the text its crazy !!!!

So hitting the space key sets us of flying again...
to the enxt demo made by

LOWER LEVEL

After a normal waiting time we get, module music, four very big 1 plane
level indicators and a lower level text sinusing and bouncing all over the
place in 1 plane. Then there is a text flashing fast saying: the futuristic
nightmare technophobia and a 32x32 scroller in the megadeth font is passing
by. That the Lower Level, so hit it if you want to see more of the NTM demo

I did and went back flying again, to stop at the next demo,

IMPACT and GENESIS

And after a normal loads of time a text appears with some rasters
backing them up. Its says "Please wait". Yep we have to wait a bit
and can't press space cause they won't let us. 
But after the waiting one of the be(st)tter screens of this whole demo 
appears. At the first look it doesn't seem that way but wait until
you press the up and down key !!!!
Okay we start from above, a picture of a planet is standing there
and a very nice pixel made circle scroller is doing the text showing
part. A bit hard to read but nice to look at !!!!. We press the
down arrow again as long as the complete screen is down.
Some other planets take over the screen, with some nice sinus dots
figurs moving in the background. A small scroller is filling the middle
of the screen, some moutains are below and again a chequered field 
is scrolling from behind to the front. Nice but thats not all....

Press space and we fly ((???)) no no no wait another screen appears from
the shadows !!!. Nice very nice !!!!! Some very nice dots figurs are
now filling the screen and you can choose some too. Press f1 to f10
to see some and press the (H)idden key to see 10 more. The screens
bounces up and down saying GOOD BYE, but this screen is worth a look
so don't leave yet. A small scroller with a raster in the back is to
be shown and there are some other keys that have a function. Try them
out a won't tell you everything...
A very good demo, maybe even the best of them all, good technics not
a mess on screen, just good !!!
But there is more so just hit space to see the next demo,

ZUUL

After flying, landing, loadingggggggggggg, there it is the circle twister
screen. We have a starfield, to bars with ntm in it that bounce, a
1 plane NTM demo text fading in and out and a distorted Zuul logo. The
text part is a normal (?) scroller that is split up in the middle and
ofcourse the circle scroller. The silly thing is bouncing over the screen
against the borders dissapearing in the lower border and racing around
in different speeds. In the background we hear a short sample looping
to let the ears have a part too.
So lets fly of to the next one...

Its one from the ..

REPLICANTS

And you can see that right away. Always a lot of things are happening
on screen. A big bouncing left/right replicants logo with the background
moving in different ways. A starfield with three scrolltexts over it. One
32x32 horizontal en two vertical scrollers. At the bottem we see 12 level
indicators and 2 small bouncing balls. Over the whole picture the is a
small zoomer enlarging a small part of the picture everytime.  We had
expected a newer demo from the replicants but okay,

Hitting the biggy again sets us of flying again to get to the

FMC CONNEXION

A short loading time will give us a nice fullscreen demo. The is a nice
fmc connexion logo in the upper border and three small 8x8 scrollers
under it. Some weird things are happening in the lower part of the screen
but at the end it will result in a big scroller with a bit plasma effect
in it. Normal sound chip music is filling the air with sound. Nice screen
take a closer look at it...

Lets fly to the next one an thats,

CRUSADER 1

Again a short load, resulting in a rather standaard screen but okay.
A nice ball picture in the background with a snake made of balls moving
over it. Over the snake there is a NTM logo standing and under the picture
a small 8x8 scroller is moving from right to left. In the lower border
12 level indicators with rasters are playing there tune. Inbetween there
is a nice designed logo of the crusaders standning so it time to go to the
next crusader demo.

Fly and land on 

CRUSADER 2 

A small text pops up after a short load with some chip music backing up.
After a short while the screen clears and a big 2 plane picture is
taking over. Then things are starting to move.   The picture is now
bouncing up and down, lots of small 8x8 scrollers a passing in the back
ground filles with rasters, 2 small animals are flying above, and the
name of the screen "HI TECH" is bouncing around in 1 plane. And last
a 32x32 1 plane scrollers is going in the lower part of the screen...
Hit the space bar, a picture comes up saying goodbye with a tune and
of you go,

After hitting the big one again and landing on the next piece of landing
strip we see,

PULSION

A small, very nice drawn, picture comes up. Press the biggest and a 
text appears 16x16 with some info. But thats not all, then things are
really starting. A very big vertical scroller in lots of colors is
now filling the back ground. This scroller will go bouncing, dis-
torting, barrel and a lots of things more while you are reading the
text. Music from the Yamaha, and thats it but its more then enough for a
rather good demo. Press the big one and there is another nice picture made
by Silicone.

Pressing the space cake eeuuhhh bar again, and flying, we land on, 
  
ZUUL 1

This is mainly an info screen of the demo. The history, credits and lots
of more info are here to read, but only if you are good in reading in
french. Three big logos make reading a bit difficult cause they are
bouncing again over the text. Rasters are filling the letters on screen
and chip music is filling the speaker...

Hitting for the last time the space and flying to the last demo from,

ZUUL 2

This is a big test (full)screen with a small amount of text in it and
a very very very short piece of music (1 tone ???)
And thats it....


We have had it, its a big demo with lots of screens. The hidden screens(s)
or hidden password are for you to find out. We can't and won't tell 
everything only that some demo's doesn't seem to work on STE machines.
The reset demo will pop up,

THE RESET DEMO(??)

Well not a real demo, just a nice picture of a monitor with a 100 T
weight above his head...


                                Hope you enjoyed the review,

                                     Bonus Software... 




