ATARI WORKS PART 1

 |||  Atari Works .... Atari's reentry into the software application field.
 |||  By: Andreas Barbiero
/ | \ Delphi: ABARBIERO        GEnie: AEO.2
      ---------------------------------------------------------------------

Atari Works - Professional software development comes in house!
Program written by Pradip K. Fatehpuria

For a long time, many Atarians have voiced an interest in obtaining a
comprehensive, multi-function program to handle word processing,
database needs, spreadsheet manipulation, and telecommunications.

Those needs have been listened to and are about to be filled. Atari
has personally undertaken this project instead of relying on third
party developers. With the introduction of SpeedoGDOS (SGDOS) and
MultiTOS, Atari has placed two new standards into the marketplace, and
with their integrated package, Atari Works, they are providing a
program that is compatible with both of these systems and with all
Atari computers - setting the standard for a new generation of
software.

Even with the new power of MultiTOS (MTOS), an integrated package is
still needed. All the functions that a small business (or a large
family!) requires are available in Atari Works. The user will no
longer need to rely on several applications which might not talk
effectively to each other, or even run under MTOS! Compatibility
between such programs is extremely useful, as anyone who has ever
wanted to mail merge a database file into a wordprocessor file knows.

Atari Works uses both the new SpeedoGDOS (SGDOS) font scaling
technology, and MTOS. But even without MTOS or Speedo, Atari Works can
still multitask its own modules, and can be used as a plain
nonscalable font wordprocessor. This is a system independent product,
which can be used by older 68000 STs with four megs, as well as any
TT030 or Atari Falcon030.

The word processor in Works is possibly the best in its class. It
incorporates iconified text, margin, and font handling, with basic
drawing functions and graphic import. A command bar across the top of
the screen allows one to easily manipulate a highlighted section of
text, and perform quick italics, underlining, superscript and
subscript on a font without resorting to loading the specific font
with the desired text feature.

With a click in the margin bar, you can add margin notes through a
dialog box. Nice for when you're turning in an article to your
editor, and you want to flag a section of text! For those with DMA
sound, Audio Annotation is an option that allows you to attach an
.AVR sound file to a document. For those lucky enough to run Works on
an Atari Falcon030, the Audio Annotation file can be generated from
the Falcon030's microphone input!

Atari Works is not a replacement for a full fledged DTP product like
Calamus or PageStream, but for someone who wants to product
professional looking letters and flyers, it is more than sufficient.
The area of commands in the wordprocessor module tends to be
reminiscent of PageStream, what with keyboard commands to capitalize a
block of text, or to make it uppercase or lowercase.

The spelling checker and thesaurus are a delight. You can spell check
the entire document, or just a highlighted section of text. The
thesaurus offers definitions of many, many words, and can give you
synonyms, related terms, and antonyms.

Works combines abilities in text editing, without the fancy fonts or
graphics, as well as commercially supported fonts numbering in the
thousands, making it more than just a document processor, but not a
complete desktop publishing program.

//// More Than A Three Ring Circus

Remember that Atari Works is several programs in one. The spreadsheet
has all the basic functions you might expect from any spreadsheet, but
with this one you can use custom fonts, create all kinds of custom
charts, like pie and bar charts, and cleanly cut the data and place it
into the wordprocessor. The spreadsheet currently is Excel command
compatible, although it doesn't read or write Excel compatible files.

If you are lucky enough to have a TT030 with the 19" monochrome
monitor you can have several full screen text, database, and
spreadsheet files open at the same time and smoothly cut and paste
between them. Updating a number in a spreadsheet automatically
updates any connected graphs - I am still amazed at the nice touches I
find while exploring Works.

The ability to use all of these features on a regular 68000 ST
(achieving great results) is fabulous. I am using SpeedoGDOS and Atari
Works to write this on a MSTe, and the speed is more than usable. I
honestly was prepared to find a product dog-slow in redraws, but I was
wrong! I have six megabytes of fonts installed on my system and my
Deskjet 500 has never been happier!

//// The Future For Works

Atari Works is a program under development, but at this stage, it is
fully usable. Other options are underway right now, such as a wider
variety of file import modules and built-in a telecommunications
module.

What that will be like, I don't know, but Bill Rehbock assured me that
they are making sure that it has ALL the basic features needed for
telecommunications, as well as the ability to send faxes, and to
support a Falcon030's DSP port modem! Bill is very pleased with the
depth of Works in general, saying online that, "Atari Works has been
a very good proof of theory regarding the O/S and GEM, and son of a
gun, it really does work :-)"

IMG support, and more sophisticated graphics handling are expected, as
well as any other options that the extensive team of beta testers are
suggesting. In conclusion, this program will provide all Atari users
with a powerful business application that can be used by home users,
small businesses, and everyone else who is lucky to have access to an
Atari computer!

Well, I guess that wraps up this preview of Atari Works. When Version
1.0 of Works is finished and ready to ship, look for a in-depth
review of it right here - first - in AEO.




 |||  Atari Works More ......................... And the Word was Written
 |||  By: Andreas Barbiero
/ | \ Delphi: ABARBIERO      GEnie: AEO.2
      -------------------------------------------------------------------

Atari Works is an extremely versatile software package that will run
on the entire line of Atari computers, from a one megabyte 1040ST, to
the Atari Falcon030. With two or three Speedo fonts loaded, and a
small cache set up for them, Atari Works WILL run on one megabyte ST,
but I would suggest the user have at least two megs, in order that
more fonts and a larger SpeedoGDOS cache can be used to speed up
redraws. With two or more megabytes of RAM, your system will have more
free memory for larger files to be created within Works, and allow
SpeedoGDOS to run faster. Saying that Atari Works is a totally
integrated software package, means that its word processor, database,
spreadsheet, and communications were intended to work together from
the outset. (maybe it should have been called Gung Ho!) A spreadsheet
can be set up or imported from one module to another, or a database
can be used for mailmerge purposes. Charts can be drawn and
transported at will, and word processor files will be transmittable
via your send-fax modem in the upcoming terminal module.

AtariWorks can have several database, spreadsheet and wordprocessor
files open at the same time, so you will want as much RAM as possible
to work with. Speedo utilizes an efficient caching system for scaling
fonts, but the more memory you can allocate it the better off you are.
But no matter what system you are running Atari Works on, from a
1040ST to an Atari Falcon030, the tools will still be the same and
offer you the same versatility.

This first module you will talk about is the Atari Works
wordprocessor. The features of this program are particularly
interesting to anyone who uses a word processor, and is frustrated by
the current crop of word processors. The best way to tell you about it
all is to describe my own experiences. Using Atari Works I converted
my Caesar game review from a straight ASCII program into a
professional presentation format, suitable for handing out as a flyer.

<<< See attached screenshot: AW_WORD.PC3 >>>

In order to quickly facilitate access to the command functions, Atari
Works supports a graphic tool bar across the top of the screen, that
can be selectively hidden if desired, in order to gain an extra line
or two on screen display. From left to right, the control boxes are:

ù Page display: A box which displays the page number you are viewing.

ù Page format selector: A drop-down menu of all the different formats
saved and accessible for on the fly page formats.

ù Text Justification: A set of four buttons which can select left
justified, right justified, centered, and full justification.

ù Line Spacing: Three buttons selecting, single spacing, one and a half
line spacing, and double spacing.

ù Tab settings: Four tab settings- left, right, center, and decimal
tabs.

ù Format Selector: A drop-down menu of all the fonts which you have
preset and assigned function keys to.

ù Text attributes: Seven buttons allowing you to select normal, bold,
italic, underline, outline, superscript, and subscript manipulation
for your text.

ù Graphics: Allows you to draw solid or outline objects to be drawn as a
metafile in your text file.

As you can see, the tool bar allows fast access to all the important
features of a word processor, and with a single glance you can tell
what you are set up to do at any time. The ease of formatting a
document is fantastic and is so self explanatory that you do not need
to constantly refer to a manual. Anyone who has used Word Perfect 5.1,
or any other number of cumbersome word processors on the various
platforms will appreciate this aspect immediately.

Importation of a ASCII document is simple. Atari Works imports the
document in the font selected as a default (from the preferences menu)
quite quickly, even with the notoriously skimpy SpeedoGDOS cache I am
known to use. ASCII can get tricky at times, especially with documents
that insist on having a carriage return after each line. Atari Works
can clear this annoyance by simply selecting all the text (either as a
block with the mouse, or select all the text with a CONTROL-A) and
then pressing CONTROL-M. Voila! Carriage returns dismissed!

The first thing I needed to do was change the font to one appropriate
for a review of a Roman era game. I wanted something reminiscent of
Roman style text, so I pressed CONTROL-A (select all) and then I hit
F4, since I had assigned it to a typically Roman font. Hot keys for
fonts, what a great concept! The entire text file was converted into
the new font. Using the mouse, I was able to quickly highlight a
section of text for manipulation. A highlighted block of text can
easily cut, copied, deleted, pasted, reformatted, etc. In this case I
wanted to change the title and subtitles into a different font from
the main body of text. I assigned the title font to F5 and with a few
quick mouse clicks I was able to highlight the desired text and press
F5 to change the font once again. Being famous for typos and
misspellings, I wanted to check things once again, so I ran it through
the spelling checker. Since words are easily added to the dictionary,
I have accrued a large personal dictionary, so words that would trip
up a generic spelling checker are not a problem anymore. There were
three honest spelling mistakes, and invariably the first suggested
spelling was the one I needed. Not only is the spell checker fast, it
also looks for phonetics, or sound alikes, making it a very flexible
in not only finding mistakes, but fixing them for you too!

Choosing the right words to use is almost as important as making sure
they are spelled right. Usually I keep a well used Roget's thesaurus
next to my computer. Even though most of the upscale word processors I
have used claim to implement a built in thesaurus, invariably they are
cumbersome and slow. On the PC I had to use at work, the thesaurus
function took so long to load, that I could go on a coffee run, and
return in time to start working again! In competition against other
word processors, the Atari Works thesaurus is unique. For instance
after I typed the word 'unique' I loaded the Thesaurus, off my
Syquest44, it took 4 seconds! Highlighting, or placing the cursor at
the end of a word brings up the word in context with a selection of
definitions. You can select the one that fits the context of your
sentence and quickly get a list of synonyms, antonyms, and related
words. This allows you to use alternate words that are tuned to the
concepts you are trying to bring across without having to fight the
program, or guess where the words you are looking for are hidden. You
can change to the new word by simply clicking on the one you wish to
use, and hitting return.

<<< See attached screenshot: AW_THES.PC3 >>>

At this point, my wife was delicately reminding me that she was
waiting to mail this masterpiece, so I reluctantly stopped
experimenting. (I think she used different terminology, the word
molasses-brain was used.)

After making sure the text was perfect, I printed it. SpeedoGDOS took
care of the rest, using the Deskjet driver I had previously set up
during installation of Speedo. As I watched in anticipation, the text
emerged onto paper. This was almost too easy. I was happy that I was
not being paid by the hour for this work!

In my playing around with the program, I found out how Atari Works
does the basics. Not only does Atari Works support font and page
layout macros, but the things that every word processor should do is
implemented also. Headers and footers can be assigned via a simple GEM
selector: choose the font, pick the size, assign a text attribute, and
tell the program how far in you want the header/footer to be in on the
page.

Search and replace is a simply performed action. With some other word
processors, I have found that if you accidentally start your global
search at the end of the text, it ends when the text ends. Atari
Works opens a smaller window with the word you are searching for in a
block of text for context purposes, and no matter where you start the
search will go from beginning to end, and around again, as many times
as you need to.

<<< See attached screenshot: AW_SRCH.PC3 >>>

Anyone who has used Word WriterST is familiar with the F10 key. Every
time you need to rearrange text in a paragraph after minor editing,
you have to reach up and hit F10. This sometimes resulted in a less
than perfect format, paragraphs would get stuck together, left margins
would change.... you name it. Atari Works handles formatting in real
time and automatically. Inserting text in the middle of a paragraph is
fun to watch as the paragraph adapts to your changes. My biggest
complaint about some graphic word processors was that it took a second
or two before the text would rearrange itself, making you wait for
screen redraws to occur before you can see what you document looks
like. Wait till you see Atari Works!

But the word processor is not just limited to text editing, You can
draw circles, squares, ovals, and lines of all shapes and with several
choices as to the thickness of the line. So not only can you emphasize
text with a font, but you can place it in a box, outlining whatever
you have to say. GEM metafiles are supported directly for now, and an
IMG import module is expected in the release version. Atari Works IS
growing, and changes increasing speed, as well as the functionality of
the program is an ongoing process. Overall, I have found it to run
faster than the early version of Calligrapher, and better than
Microsoft Write for the ST.

In case you haven't gotten what I am aiming at here, ease of use is
the point I am delicately trying to make with a sledgehammer! Other
programs may offer different options and features, but for what the
gritty end of a word processor is, getting text into a usable
document, Atari Works does this with the best interface I have seen.

In future articles, AEO will describe what it takes to set up a
spreadsheet and start organizing your data into a functional database.
In the meantime, if you have any questions, feel free to contact me at
AEO.2 on GEnie, or ABARBIERO on Delphi.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: THERE ARE SCREENSHOTS FROM THIS GREAT PROGRAM IN THE DIRECTORY
      "ATARIWOR.K" BUT THEY ARE .PC3 FORMAT !
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

