ATARI WORKS PART 2

  |||  Atari Works Adds Up
  |||  By: Lyre
 / | \ GEnie: AEO.3
       -------------------------------------------------------------------

In the last two issues of AEO, Andreas has provided an overview of
Atari Works and a review of the word processor portion of the program.
My review addresses another portion of Atari Works; specifically, the
spreadsheet and graphing capabilities.

Having re-entered the software development arena, Atari has created
within Atari Works an integrated suite of productivity tools
considered by most computer users to be mandatory. Every computer user
obtains word processor, spreadsheet and database software to address
their information and communication needs.

Imagine, if you will, that you are a business person and need to
create a report from some of the data you have in a spreadsheet. To
transfer the data in years past, you were required to save your
spreadsheet data, exit the spreadsheet software, enter your word
processor and import the spreadsheet data. This became necessary as
more and more computers were utilized to create final versions of
important business documents.  However, they suffered from an
inability to produce decent output.  Eventually the use of fonts and
more sophisticated technology allowed the spreadsheet software itself
to produce appealing output.

However, the spreadsheet software still lacked the ability to handle
large amounts of text or complex layouts.

It is the combination of these previously separate tools that makes
programs like Atari Works so necessary.

The spreadsheet available from within Atari Works utilizes GEM to its
fullest. The ease of use associated with a graphics environment
supersedes command lines or the necessity of remembering an endless
series of key strokes to perform a particular function. When using the
spreadsheet, every feature you need is available through a hotkey
combination or through a dialog box available from the menu.

This fundamental difference in program design has a huge impact on
the average user's ability to become proficient with the Atari Works
spreadsheet. It makes more sense to be able to click the mouse on a
cell and be able to edit its content; or to drag the mouse across
several cells in order to change the cell format. If you need to
change the size of a column, simply drag the column divider to the new
location and release the mouse button.

Until the advent of reliable voice recognition and artificial
intelligence at the consumer level, a graphic environment can not be
surpassed for ease of use. This is where the beauty of the Atari Works
spreadsheet makes itself felt. All of the spreadsheet functions are
available through a hot key or a menu option. Since the mouse is the
standard means of interacting with programs, the use of these features
is almost totally intuitive.  Since many users prefer to try software
out before reading the documentation, software of this calibre is
particularly appreciated. After all, features that are just a hotkey
or mouse action away are easily remembered. Working with a deadline,
such features are worth their weight in gold.

At this point, you are undoubtedly wondering what features are
present within the spreadsheet. Well, I shall not tease you any
longer.

The first thing that needs to be said is that Atari Works operates if
Speedo GDOS is available or not. With Speedo GDOS installed, you can
take advantage of the Bitstream fonts supplied or any of the
additional fonts you purchase. Considering the number of programs
using fonts that are not visually appealing or are too small, this
feature is particularly useful.  If you do not like the font used,
Speedo GDOS allows you to replace it without fuss. You can also change
the size of the font - something particularly useful for the visually
impaired.

Then there are all of the features available through using the mouse
on the spreadsheet window itself. As mentioned earlier, you can change
the width of a cell by dragging the column divider. Dragging it to the
right increase the size, dragging it to the left decreases the size.
Alternately a menu option performs the same function. If you need to
copy the contents of a cell or series of cells, you can do so by
dragging the mouse across these cells and pressing CONTROL-C. The
content of numeric cells is taken "as is"; formulas are copied as
relative cell references so that they automatically adjust themselves
to account for the new location. However, you can include absolute
references within a cell, and when copied, these references will be
maintained.

Obviously this feature is available through the clipboard. The other
features of the clipboard are also supported - cut, copy, paste and
clear.

If you need to add a row or column to the spreadsheet, simply
highlight the row or column that you want moved and press CONTROL-I
(or alternately use the option under the Edit menu) and the new row or
column will appear.  In the process, relative cell references are
adjusted to keep them accurate. If there are several rows or columns
to add, simply use the mouse to drag across the cells you want to
insert and press CONTROL-I.  Deleting cells operates in the same
manner except that you have to choose Clear from the Edit menu.

Bold and underlining are also available through hotkeys so after
entering data you can immediately change their appearance. Reverting
to normal text is simply another hotkey away. This allows you to alter
your spreadsheets look on the fly - and change it back if the results
are not acceptable.

The mouse can also be used when entering formulas into your
spreadsheet.  By choosing the Paste Function option from the Edit menu
a small dialog with a list of functions appears. Having selected the
appropriate function for your needs, the cell is pre-filled with the
function you want. The cursor is automatically placed with the
parenthesis so that you can begin entering the cell references or
numbers as quickly as possible. For instance, the SUM() function
appears in a cell as "=SUM()" upon leaving the dialog box. Then, by
clicking on individual cells a plus sign and the cell reference are
added. So clicking on A1 causes the formula to appear as "=SUM(A1)",
clicking on A2 changes this to "=SUM(A1+A2)." You can continue in this
manner as required. Of course, for groups of cells, there is an easier
way. Simply click on the upper left cell to start the sum and drag the
mouse to the lower right cell to end the sum - the formula
automatically changes to "=SUM(A1:A13)." You can combine these two
methods also.

For users who are familiar with Excel, you will notice that the
functions are entered in a similar manner. Being able to use the same
type of "syntax" as utilized on the IBM and Macintosh platforms makes
it very easy for users to transfer data to and from their home
computer. Their are 53 functions available within Atari Works, I have
included a list and a brief description of these features at the end
of this article for the truly inquisitive.

Another vitally important aspect of the spreadsheet is the ability to
import data from other programs. The spreadsheet can import or export
DBF files as well as tab and comma delimited files. To try this
feature out, I loaded a few of the databases I created with
DataManager ST from Timeworks and another file from dbMAN 5.21 from
VersaSoft. Both imported without any difficulty.

There are any number of other features that I could mention. The
ability to move cells, go to a particular cell, find the cell with
particular information, align cell contents left, right or center,
fill cells, change the type of numerical data (general, currency,
scientific, etc.) and several more. But then I would run out of space
to tell you about the graphing capabilities available.

Once you have entered your spreadsheet data, creating graphs based
upon that information is simple provided that you have set up your
spreadsheet correctly.

The types of graphs available are broken down into two categories:
Series and Pie Charts.

Series charts contain line, bar and stack charts since these charts
are all dependent on several pieces of data on a particular subject.
The numerical data on this subject represents a series of points in
the subject's range. An example of this might be charting the sales
figures of each quarter. Each quarter would represent one point in
time.

Series charts are created based on the data available in a row or
series of rows within your spreadsheet. If you have arranged the
quarters as column headings, then you will need to move them so that
each quarter's figures are in a row. Otherwise the results of your
charting attempt will be inappropriate for your requirements.

Pie charts represent a graphic model of the parts of a spreadsheet
that make up a whole. It allows you to see the how much of your
business is involved with a particular subject in comparison with
other aspects of your business. To continue the example used above,
you could show how much of a particular quarters sales results
represents the annual sales figures for the company.

Pie charts are derived from data appearing within the columns of your
spreadsheet.

Creating a chart - assuming it has been laid out correctly in your
spreadsheet - is very simple. Choose either New Series or New Pie
from the Chart menu and a dialog box will appear. This dialog is
different for each category of charts, but in general they allow you
to specify the cells in your spreadsheet to be used.

In the Series dialog, you choose the type of chart and enter such
things as the minimum and maximum value of the chart, the column to
use for labelling your data, the horizontal and vertical headings and
several others.

In the Pie dialog box, your options are simpler. By entering the
starting and ending cells, the column to use for labelling your data
and which row, if any, that you want to have exploded (protruding from
the rest of the pie chart).

Having set these options, clicking on the "Plot it!" button causes a
new window to appear which contains the resulting chart. This window
can be re-size and the window contents will automatically adjust to
remain as centered as possible within the new window size. This
includes the graphics (i.e., the chart itself) and the font size used.
Except in windows that are extremely small, the chart will remain
fairly legible (it depends on the number of cells that are included
within the chart).

This automatic adjustment to the chart is extended to alterations in
the spreadsheet data itself. If you realize that a figure is wrong,
you can enter the correct value on the spreadsheet and the chart will
be updated instantly. This can be particularly helpful when dealing
with data that constantly needs to be altered.

Well, this ends the review of the Atari Works spreadsheet. Hopefully
this article has increased your understanding of the capabilities of
the spreadsheet's functionality. In the next issue we will explore
Atari Works a bit more thoroughly.

But first....

There is one thing that I would like to leave you with; a list of the
spreadsheet functions available in Atari Works. This list is not
meant to be fully featured, instead it is meant to make you aware of
the types of mathematical functions you can utilize in your own
spreadsheets.  Where there is no description of the function, I could
not determine an easy way to convey the function. Sorry about that.

Financial Functions:
FV      Future Value
IRR     Internal Rate of Return
NPR     Number of Periods
NPV     Net Present Value
PMT     Periodic Payment
FV      Future Value
RATE    Interest Rate per Period

Logical Functions:
AND     Logical And
CHOOSE      
FALSE   Logical False
IF      Determines if a user-definable condition exists
ISBLANK Determines whether a cell is blank or not
ISERROR Determines if a user-defined error condition exists
ISNA    Determines if cell contents is not applicable
NOT     Logical Not
OR      Logical Or
TRUE    Logical True

Mathematical Functions:
ABS     Absolute value of a number
EXP     Exponentation
INT     Integer
LN      Natural logarithm
LOG10   Base 10 logarithm of a number
MOD     Modulus (remainder from division operations)
PI      Pi
RAND    Random number between 0 and 0.999...
ROUND   Rounds to the nearest decimal place
SIGN    Determines whether a number is positive, negative or null
SQRT    Square root

Special Purpose Functions:
ERROR   Establishes an error condition for testing with ISERROR
HLOOKUP Horizontal Lookup and comparison of cell contents (by row)
INDEX   Provides the value of a cell from offsets
LOOKUP  Lookup and comparison of cell contents within a specified range
MATCH   Determines matching cell values within a specified range
NA      Establishes an error condition for testing with ISNA
TYPE    Determines the category of cell contents
VLOOKUP Vertical Lookup and comparison of cell contents (by column)

Statistical Functions:
AVERAGE Determines the average value of a series of numbers or a
specified range
COUNT   Determines the number of items in a series of numbers or a
specified range
MAX     Determines the highest value in a series of numbers or a
specified range
STDEV   Determines the standard deviation of a series of numbers or a
specified range
SUM     Determines the total of a series of numbers or a specified
range
VAR     Determines the variance in a series of numbers or a specified
range

Trigonometric Functions:
ACOS    Arccosine of a number (angle in radians)
ASIN    Arcsine of a number
ATAN    Arctangent of a number (angle in radians)
ATAN2   Arctangent of X and Y numbers (angle in radians)
COS     Cosine of a number (angle in radians)
DEGREE  Converts an angle in radians to degrees
RADIANS Converts an angle in degrees to radians
SIN     Sine of a number (angle in radians)
TAN     Tangent of a number (angle in radians)

