ATARI EXPO
                                                  Article by Slimer....

                    The Atari Expo held in Eindhoven,

Here is a short story about the Atari Expo that was held from 24 till 26
januari 1992.
On the same fair was also an Amiga( yuk ) and a PC Expo( yuk yuk ).
So in the early morning of sunday the 26 i took the bus and train to
Steenwijk to meet up with Bonus, K.G.E. and Luke.
The rest of the D.B.A. couldn't come or simply had no time.
We left Steenwijk and drove in the car to Eindhoven, where we arrived
after a couple of hours.

We dumped the car and entered the world of computers and all the stuff
that belongs to the computer.
The fair wasn't very big, there was a hall and there was some stuff up-
stairs too.
We walked trough the hall and looked at some MS-Dos junk, the prices of
the MS-Dos machines are getting lower and lower.
So, Bonus got the nasty idea in his head to buy one in the near future.
After a while we dicided to go upstairs to the MSX( ! ), Ami** and 
Atari department.
We looked at some poor MSX computers and there users, so after a couple of
laugh's we walked to the Atari stands.

We saw a couple of stands with some guy's behind it, those guy's where
from Armalyte Inc., Sewer Soft, S.O.D. and Hotline.
So, we hanged around the stand for a while and showed some intro's, the
magazine and the new main-menu of the Just Funnier Demo part B.
After a while some guys of Sentry popt up also, we all talked a bit.
I started to get hungry and so was the rest of the D.B.A., so we rushed
downstairs and we bought some sandwiches/hotdogs and drinks.
We returned to the Armalyte stand and stayed there a little while.
At the end of our visit K.G.E. bought himself a TOS 2.06, an Calculator
and the Thermo fan( look in the Hardware Corner ).
Bonus buyed a tale for his mouse and we all left the building.

When we where driving to Steenwijk we had an car-crash.
We where standing for the traffic-lights and as we pulled up some lamer
cut the car in front of us.
So the car in front of us stept on the brakes just as we pulled up.
Guess what ?? Yeess we hit the car in front us, it was slippery and the
car from Bonus just glided against the other one.
Luckely everybody was alright, but the car of Bonus had much damage.
We made it back to Steenwijk, coz' the car had no damage to the motor
and the headlights still worked ( without the reflectors though ).

In Steenwijk everybody was dumped and i drove with Bonus to his house.
After a warm meal and some coffee i was dumped at the train station.
I reaced my warm appartment at 22:30 and jumped in my bed after a
fast chour.
In bed i thought back about the fair and i concluded that Atari is fading
away very fast.
There was not so much ST(e) stuff as we expected, i really begin to
wonder if it is worth while to go again !!

                         Slimer signing off.......... 

