GREMLIN COMPILATION

GREMLIN COMPILATION.

Gremlin is sure one of most speeding software house around. Well if you
judge them by the compilation they release. It's called "4 Wheel Drive "
and it contains 4 very nice driving/racing games. This one is really
something for the speed freaks behind the screen. There are two bike
simulations and two car simulations. Oke let's split then up:

Lotus Esprit Turbo Challenge - A very nice race GAME, also playable
in a 2 player mode. Looks good play's well, and there is already a
sequel for this game called of course Lotus Turbo Challenge 2. So it's
a real good game or else they didn't dare to make a part 2 i guess.

Toyota Celica GT Rally - A good race SIMULATOR, in which you drive a
rally in a Toyota Celica. It's more a kind of simulator then a game
with 3d road, sitting in the cockpit of the car. But still fun to play.

Combo Racer - This again is the GAME of the two bike games. This one
is really very nice and complete. It has is own track editor to make
even your own tracks so you can always change things and keep playing.
It's a nice game, not really special, but still fun to play and a bit 
different from the other bike games as Enduro Racer and Super Hang on.

And last but least - Team Suzuki - A special bike SIMULATOR, with nice
3d filled graphix. It moves nice and ( to ) fast, looks great, but isn't
easy to play. Especially if you are playing it with to mouse and take
the view from on the motor. You swap from left to right and probably 
crash in something very soon. But if you can manage to control it, it
may well be a good game.      

So it seems to be a good compilation with all the types of games in the
racing class. You got one of each, two games ( Car and Bike ) and also
two simulators (Car and Bike again). So if you are a racing fan and you
like different sort of racing types then these should be the thing for Christmas
this year....


                                        Bonus Software.



