LOTS OF NEWS.

LOTS OF NEWS ( MULTI PRE-VIEW).

Well there is a lot of new stuff coming that's for sure. And it all
should and could have been seen at the European Computer Entertainment
Show but... At the last minute the big event was not of this world or 
just to say it went by... And it also seems that there won't be
another one next year. So the only real big things are now happening
in Germany in Dusseldorf. But there was in England a meeting for
all big software houses and they showed what they had in store for us
in the coming months/year....

From Accolade,

Not for sure yet but almost, the new Elvira II- Jaws of Cerberus. This
time you have to save our horror beauty from Cerberus the Hellhound that
has come to our dimension.
An futher an new adventure called Lost in L.A., an Manley adventure.

From Audiogenic,

World Class Rugby, another rugby simulation.
Super League Manager, and again an football manager program.

From Domark,

Thunderjaws, an run, jump, shoot, swim and a hell of a lot more to do
game. See the review in this magazine.
Mig 29m Super Fulcrum, the follow up of the great flight/fight simulator
of the Russian fighterplane.
Rugby- the world cup, and yessss another rugby game, we haven't seen one
for a long time( hmm ).
Space Invaders, back from the old ages, but always very amusing.
Race drivin, the fast version of the hard drivin sequel.
Pit Fighter, you must have already seen some pre-view of it. It's a game
with digi pictures in it of you fighting figure. Looks rather nice, but
plays a bit slow. As they clame (Atari) it's the number 1 hit from the
arcades. But don't they all say that.
            
From Electronic Arts,

Populous II, well shall we call this a God simulator ????
Powermonger- The World War I edition, playing with old guns again don't we,
but it still looks very good.
Birds of Prey, well that one is way over du, but now it seems that Jez San's
simulator is finally gonna hit the streets.
Hard Nova and Strike Fleet, two oldies now being converted.

From Electric Zoo,

Fire Force, a real shoot game.
Abandoned places, a Dungeon Master clone.
Unter Pressure, a shoot'em up with some nice big sprites made bij the pro-
grammers of Eldritch the Cat.

From Elite,

Last Battle, an other ninja alike game with some hack an slaught work in it.
European Championship 1992, a game for the real football fans among us.

From Empire,

Volfied, a Qix clone, it's more fun than you might think.
Deathbringer, a Barbarian alike hack and slaughter game.
The Cool Croc twins, well if this one is as good as the arcade version, it
should big a great game to play.
Space 1889 ( or is it 1999), an long awaited rol-playing game
Megatraveller 2, Twilight 2000, no further info about right now.
International Sports Challenge, an new version of the Summer and Winter
games we had.
Eye of the Storm, a bit like the running man story.
Team Yankee II- the Pacific Islands, for the tank fans.

From Flair software,

Well sofar there seems to be only one thing and thats the Elvira - The
arcade game. It will probably appear next year.

From Gremlin Grapics,

Harlequin, another action run and jump game.
Video kid, also a run and jump game in which you play a little guy that
is held in a videorecorder ( you have to do weird things now a days to come
up with a game like this).
Flag, just for the strategy freaks.
Daemonsgate, a rol-playing game that looks like Faery Tale.
Suspisious Cargo, an adventure, you are playing an pilot on a space ship you
can't afford. You take a job to transportingt something you don't know what it
is until...

From Infogrames,

7 Colours, an logic colourfull game again from good old Russia ( like Tetris)
 only this time you have to colour about 50% of the screen. Sounds a bit
like Qix if you ask me.
Advantage Tennis the xxxx(???) version of a new tennis game.

From Linel,

The never ending story part II, a game made after the film.
The game of life, you could call this a biology lesson game.

From Millenium,

Robocod, should be out now and it the follow up of James Pond.
Cybornetics, an sience fiction strategie game.
Global Effect, an strategy simulator.

From Mindscape,
 
Knightmare, a fast moving shoot em up and it's a crossing between Tron
and High Noon. It looks great.
The Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles, the real conversion of what in the 
arcades was a great game to play. 
Cisco Heat, an race an chase game playing in San Fransisco.
Devious Designs, not an conversion cause there isn't an arcade of this game
and it all turns around J.J. Maverick (you) that has to save the world 
again in many different forms.
First Samurai, another ninja game, but it looks very good an plays very
well indeed. You can even call in a real wizard if you are in real deep
shit.
Suzerain, a fight game in a parallel perspectief and it should be out
in the beginning of 1992.
Apocalype, finally a a new version for the 16 bit machine of this game
only this time it plays in Vietnam.
Lure of the Tempress, a sort of virtual theatre adventure it should be
what ever is that suppose to be ?
Drop Soldier, shoot em down game.
 and further Tunnels of Doom and Duster...

For even more little pre-view take a look at the second part....

                                        Bonus Software
                        ( i am going to take a break now. )
 
