LOTS OF NEWS 2.

From P.S.S.,

Reach for the Skies, Riders of Rohan, Legend and Red Phoenix are bound
to be released on the ST real soon...

From Psygnosis,

Lemmings Data  - A new version of the Lemmings game with some difficult
                 new levels in it, so fans this is something for you.
                 But it's only a data disk so you have to buy the Lemmings
                 game first to use this disk. ( But they probably will 
                 bring it out in a package in the future, i think)
Hired Guns - A Dungeon Master clone, but isn't for sure to be released
             on ST's too.

From Readysoft,

Space Ace II - Another disk eating movie game i am afraid.
Guys Spy - Same as above.
 I wonder if these guys ever have heard of some kind of packing utility
 so they don't have to make 1 game on ( at least ) 5 disks. If they can
 programm ( that good ) they could try to make a one disk version, or what ??
 
From Storm,

Rodland   - Already released and a real cute game. Its a jump'n
            run game with some very nice graphix.
Final Blow - A boxing sim.
Double Dragon III - "The Rosetta Stones" is the full title. This is an
                    even tougher fighting game then part I and II. 
                    Equipped with nunchunakas, grenades, knuckle busters
                    and swords your journey will take you through five
                    perilous missions in exotic locations throughout
                    the world. If you survive you will discover the
                    truth behind the Rosetta Stones, or else...    

From Titus,

Brainies - One of those logic thinking games. You are playing against
           these creatures. They have big feets, cute hands and lovely
           big eyes and cause only one big problem. They are very very
           greedy so you have to get rid off them. It maybe a bit Lemmings
           alike but then again every good game has a sort of clone... 
Crazy Cars III - Yep there it is again, i tought they would have learned
                 something from the first two. Guess not.
  
From Ubi Soft,

Battle Isle and Celtic Legends, the rest is in another file previewed.

From U.S. Gold,

Gauntlet III The Final Quest - Well everybody knows Gauntlet so what to
                               tell about it ?
G-Loc - Another fighter plane sim. The arcade game was very nice, i hope
        for our sake they can convert as well.

Bonanza Bros - Two robots and a level and ladder game or jump's run as 
               you wish.
Mega Twins - Also a jump'n run game with cute graphix. You can play it
             with 2 players so twice the fun, double the trouble.
The Godfather (Arcade) - An arcade version of the film.

From Virgin,

Jimmy White's Whirlwind Snooker - A very good looking snooker sim.
Spot - An boardgame.
Spirit of Excaliber - An adventure that takes you back to the middle ages.
Floor 13 - An political and strategic adventure.
Realms - ...
Vengeance of Excaliber - Its the follow up already from the Spirit of 
                         Excaliber.
Space Shuttle - A space sim.
North Polar Expedition - Adventure on cold ice.

So thats it for so far. It could be that by the time you read this some
of the titles are already out, but i am typing this now and now its
still new. See you next time again...


                                        Bonus Software.

 
