PLANE KILLERS ?
                                            ~PLANE.BL2~
AIRPLANES IN DISTRESS BECAUSE OF COMPUTERS ?






Computergames, laptops, portable telephones and video cameras are disturbing 
airtraffic. The IATA safetycommision has send a message to all of her members 
of all the latest problems in the last six months. They are mainly about 
complains of using computer/video equipment onboard an airplane.

The management and navigationsystems are disturbed whenever someone uses hobby
electro machines during the start, landing or climbing. With hobby electro 
machines they mean Computergames, laptops, portable telephones etc.
This research has been done by an anonymous party which state that a normal 
passenger airplane had big troubles for over 16 times.

A Douglas DC10 lost his course because of 2 Nintendo Gameboy's. After they 
had been shut down the automatic guiding system worked again. A Boeing 727 
stopped his automatic landing sequence after someone has used a portable phone
to call someone to pick him up at the airport. A Boeing 747-400 was acting 
very strange because of the fact that someone was using a laptop on one of the
upperdecks. After the pilot had found the people using this machine and pulled
out the battery the plane acted normal again. The KLM will take experiments 
with small FM mini receivers and portable CD players. They even might cause 
some of the trouble. They claim that there has been trouble also a few years 
ago about the same issue. They made agreements with manufacturers about 
shielding the waves coming from small equipment.

These things happen only if one of the above named divises is used nearby the 
cockpit. After so many trouble with this the IATA will try to forbid using any
of these electronic things onboard.

So if you travel a lot don't bring your gameboy or what ever with you in the 
plane. You might just get control of the complete plane just by playing a 
flight simulator on your laptop, talking about real 3D effects and realistic 
sound while you crash. ---> Game over...  



                                            Bonus Software...
                                            (source: De Telegraaf)


P.S. you could always give your gameboy to and Amiga freak and get ride of 
both of them. But that wouldn't be very nice ( for the gameboy i mean ).



