EPILEPTIC ATTACKS

                                                   article by Slimer.......
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

              EPILEPTIC ATTACKS WHILE PLAYING COMPUTER GAMES !

              real live action coming to your home ( HORROR !)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

In Japan several kids got an epileptic attack while playing a computer game.
On the time that i wrote this article there were already 16 known cases in
Japan alone !
Several compagnies who produce games and game-console's have already been
warned by the authorities to do something about this.
Nintendo and Sega will place warnings on their games saying: This game can
cause epileptic attacks while playing it !

I personally think that these attacks are not that strange as it may seem !
An epileptic attack is some sort of shortcircuit in your brain and it makes
you lose control over your body and mind.
A game like Sonic for instance has a lot of different bright colors, many
people get a headache alone by watching those colors after only a short time.
But Sonic has also fast action, so you get to see lots of moving things and
lots of bright changing colors.
While playing the game you also hear a lot of different sound effects and
music.

Most kids play these games for hours and hours (sometimes on a bad flickering
TV set).
All this movement, colors, sound and flickering can well cause a shortcircuit
in your brain (especially when you already suffer from epilepsy).
There are ofcourse more reasons possible that can cause these attacks like 
certain tones on certain wavelengths in combination with those other things
that i have mentioned before !

Anyway, this is very negative advertisment for the console manufactures coz'
many worried parents can forbid their kids to even touch a game (console)
again in their lives.
These epileptic attacks will have it's impact on the sales of consoles, but
like Nintendo says: NOW YOUR PLAYING WITH POWER !!
There is a bit to much power if you ask me because nobody is interested in
an overload.
Time for Atari to change their slogan: POWER WITHOUT THE ATTACK !

As far as i know there are no Atari consoles involved, but i think this is
because Atari makes no consoles with the same features like Sega and Nintendo.
The old 2600 game-console has not that much sound and colors and the Lynx
is a small handheld console with a very tiny screen.
It could well make a difference if the Lynx would work on a big color TV 
screen though !

You've been warned, if you have epilepsy keep away from game-consoles and for 
people who don't have this disease, don't play for hours and hours in one
row !
Even if you use a computer with only a wordprocessor, the max. time that
may sit in front of your screen on one day is 5 hours.
You can imagine what it must be like to play a game for several hours in a 
row.

------------------
Last news about the subject is that the amount of victims are now risen to
130 in Japan alone.
There are also victims in other country's reported now and the number of
victims keep rising.
Researcher's have found that certain figures/pictures are responsible for
the attacks aswell as playing to long in one row !
It is also known now that most of the victims have epilepsy or have the
tendensy to get the disease.
The research continue's and we'll keep you up to date !
-----------------

                         Have a nice day.............

