GIANTS STORY
                                                   March 1st 1993

They already existed.  But they didn't know eachother. They never 
thought about it,  they just did all kinds of things on their ST. 
Then  a certain crew from the North-West of Holland  signed  them 
all up.  The GIANTS became better than ever!  We are just a  demo 
crew which have fun in coding.  It's not only ST-ing, our members 
like to visit the pub for fun or like to have a party.  Our  last 
local  party was big fun,  I only touched my ST for switching  it 
off.  I mean,  we didn't need any computers because without  them 
there was more fun. (Only girls were missing.)

Hi there! 
I'm  Corsair,  the leader of that bunch of cool guys  called  THE 
GIANTS.  In the previous issue of the D.B.A.  mag (number #7)  we 
already  introduced ourselves,  but we had no time to write  some 
articles.
Let's go back to some history,  the final story of our  crew.  If 
you  don't  like to read our story,  please  skip  the  following 
paragraph.

Once upon a time there was the idea to build a crew (1990).
I always went to the local computerclub in Purmerend. If you were 
lucky  there was somebody with an ST.  And between the  MSX-crap, 
PC-guys, Amiga-freaks, the single ST and the visitors I met a guy 
who  was interested in a crew.  He asked me if we could  start  a 
crew  together  and I thought it would be  great  fun.  I  called 
myself  Corsair and he called himself Cyrex.  Unfortunately  that 
was his first and last action in our crew.....
A few days later I called two other boys whether they would  join 
our crew.  Rex,  our first great graphic artist liked to join us. 
So did Drake, our 3rd coder. He came up with our crew name.

Getting started
Well  nice.  We had a four member crew.  No contacts,  only  some 
users (in demoscene language:  lamers or nerds).  We saw the LSD-
game-compact-menus and we thought:  "If we'll do the same we  get 
famous!".  With  XBIOS 32 musix,  a PI1 piccy  and  GFABASIC,  we 
imitated an LSD menu, but only ONE person copied it....

"Keep on trying guys!"
So we started an other project.  Lingo,  a dutch game which is at 
least once a week on TV.  We put our well-designed game on a  BSS 
and  we  reached  the top ten if  downloads!  Enough  reasons  to 
release a new version.
I  bought  a sampler and we constructed music  demos  by  linking 
music  fragments together.  Hmm,  it seemed that there was  small 
interest in it. I've to admit the music demos were a bit static.

A demo had to be done
"32  lines  high scrollers in GFABASIC together with  a  Mad  Max 
tune?  No that's impossible". That was our first attitude towards 
GFABASIC. We saw it as a program for assembling utility programs, 
but using it for making demos,  naaaah! But we had to believe it. 
In  front  of  my eyes was a listing of Dogue  de  Mauve  of  OVR 
displayed.  Fully  GFABASIC,  and  it scrolled.  I  explored  the 
listing  and  rewrote it.  Then it became clear to me  that  most 
demos are constructed in a "fake-way".  And Corsair was no  lamer 
anymore!  I contacted the DOUBLE DUTCH CREW and fortunately  they 
were very helpful. They told me more about democoding, some dirty 
tricks  and  other basic information.  In the  meantime  we  were 
working on our first demo TRY: "Look who's coding too". We put in 
our  just learnt effects.  The only problem was we kept  learning 
during making the demo.  That means our first demoscreen was shit 
and  our  last  the best!  When  we  released  it,  our  contacts 
increased. We had contacts with DDC, Sentry, Synergy and the TOS-
crew.  We  met  many of them on a TOS-crew  party.  Afterwards  I 
realized  that I also met BONUS of D.B.A.  on the TOS-crew  party 
(December 1991).

Selfish talk (fish for sale)
My  coding power (yes,  coding power does exist!) increased  more 
and  more by trying and some very useful hints by MR NI!  of  the 
TOS-CREW.   (I   demand  all  basic  coders  to  look  at   their 
Demounstures demo. It's just GREAT! If you want to have the demo, 
contact  me.  (Sources  (for Omikrion basic) are  also  availble, 
distribution  by  the  TOS-CREW)) He learned me  a  new  kind  of 
synchronisation.  It made damned steady rasters possible  without 
any interrupt.
We  organized with another crew (Yo Michael Hemmelder.  De  anti-
Emhaa dentro blies je hersenen op,  hakte je lichaam in miljoenen 
stukjes  en schoof je vervolgens naar Ien Dales toe!)  Sorry  for 
this  dutch  sentence,  but  I had to put things  right  with  an 
extremely tera lamer... Anyway we organized a one day "party" and 
from that moment we had enough contacts (friends) who would  help 
us (spreading, software supply etc.)

At the moment we are a mega crew consisting of 15 dudes.  We  are 
creating  TWO demos.  (Big crew,  big productions but  with  good 
care)  And  soon everybody will know us.  Please read  the  other 
article  for  abitions  of coders!  (We never said  that  we  ARE 
something)

That was our history is brief.  If you want to launch a democrew, 
keep this in mind:
- Is the ST(e) still alive? Does it have any sense to exist?
- Try  to invent something original (a new dimension of demos  or 
  something)
- Built up contacts. Do some public relations
- Be not satisfied to soon
- Search an own musician
- Do not imitate too often
- Don't give up too soon
- Write regulary article to D.B.A.  mag.  (Bonus and Slimer  like 
  that)
- Take it easy, take a Sisi
- Coca Cola is better than Pepsi
- And why did the chicken cross the road anyway

I wish you very much luck with your new crew,  but I think nobody 
will use my advise.

       Corsair (Ruupje, Ruups, Cosja, Ruben) of The Giants
