CEBIT PADDY 93

                     The CeBIT Paddy 1993
                         Party report
                    
                      by jMS / AnImAl mInE
                      
The Party was an "only-Amiga" meeting, and so it isn't supposed to be in
an ST Discmag, but because I think that it is good to know the "other"
Scenes a bit, I write this, and this is also the reason because I was there.
Okay, after C=ommodore got a LOTS of trouble from the Fair-stands right
near them, because the freaks "Tagged" the whole wall, this year the whole
think was sponsored by Commodore. On the wall there were "No Tag's - We didn't
do it" Poster, and there were also TShirts aviable, but because it were only
300 they gone out very quick ! Right to the Party. We (Integer,Q-Bitus,Rave,Me)
started Saturday, the 27.3.1993 ca. at 17:30 cet from the Fair... 
we got a paperinvitation with a map on it, but Integer, the one who drove the 
car, live in Hamburg and so he didn't know Hannover, and I didn't either 
(hm... Buit I live there !) because the area where the party was held, 
was an area where I wouldn't like to live !!
But finally at 6 o'clock we arrived. The entrance fee was 10 DM ... A bit
much, I think.. And they said that there should be drinks for fair prices. Do
YOU call a glass coke for 2,50 Deutschmarks fair ?? I don't ! To eat something
there was a pizza bakery c. 100 meters away which sells quite cheap and good
pizzas fresh from the oven ! But right to the party building... 
It was an old factory building, and there should be place for 500 People. 
Well, I asked when they were exactly 356 men (And women ! Butless) and there 
was NO room left. Very full !! There were 5 rooms. The entrance "hall", the
"dancefloor" room, a room for $coopex members only and 2 roomt in the 1st 
floor where the COmputers from the visitors stood ! There was some very good
artists and musicians working on new Picures and Tunes ! Xspecially LOUD
Music from "Plauze".. Dildo, dildo, dildo ! And a VERY nice picture was drawn
there also. Ofcourse sum packs and Demos have been released there.
A funny thing: A demo was released by a group whose coder was named JMZ (Quite
similar to MY "jMS" !!) and a graphician called NICK (Integers former name was
Nick !) Than at 10 o'clock the was the last releasetime for the competition-
pieces. And at 10:30 o'clock my Pizza was ready, but I think this interest
nobody, don't it ??! Okay, at 11 o'clock there should be the competition, but
they only showed old (Last year) stuff and the competition musics ! Everybody
was satisfied with the show ! But the projector for the show wasm't that good !
The Invitation says that there should be "huge Videowall". Well, there was a
plastic Plan on the wall where you could see the projection , ugly quality !
And There also should be a Live band !! I haven't seen them. But there were
two Synthis and sumtimes sumbud played them ! But all in all it was a VERY
nice meeting, and I met several (very??) nice guys !!



