ABOUT SHAREWARE

                      How to make money with shareware?
                      ---------------------------------

First of all, I have never done shareware programs before, but I'll be
soon doing them (hopefully). But that  fact doesn't prevent me writing
my opinions of the shareware-market.

If you wanna make money with your  program, you should never release a
full version of it. For example: if  you  have done a game, you should
release a preview version of it and  tell the people that the only way
to get the whole game is to pay you 10 dollars... Otherwise you should
think about releasing the game as PD.

Other good idea is to release  a  fully-working version of the program
and tell the people that they can get the updated version if they just
remember to pay you some money.

I have seen only a couple  of  good games as PD/shareware. For example
MIDI-Battle by Tony Barker makes  an  excellent use of STE's hardware.
Still I haven't paid to  Tony  Barker  because  why bother, I have the
whole game (and also it is very  boring  when played alone). If he had
released only  the  STF-version  and  said  that  the  STE-version  is
available for everyone who just pays  him  7  pounds, I think he would
have done lots of money with his game...

Ohh! I forgot to mention  the  demos!  Usually  the  demos are PD, but
sometimes I've seen  a  demo  where  somebody  writes:  "Send  us some
donations!" This isn't a bad idea (if the demo is good), but the truth
is that you won't get any money  for  your demo. So just keep on doing
them to improve your reputation, not to make some money...

So, if you have done a shareware-program and you haven't got any money
for that, just think about what  I  just  wrote.  It may save you from
some mistakes in the future. But although my hints may be very useful,
they won't help  a  bit,  if  your  program  is  pure  sh*t... So also
remember the quality while writing you program...

                                                    SANDMAN/FLASH 1993



