CRACKING MUSIC DOC

Crackin' Muzex II - Instructions - By BLOODANGEL of TNC
*---------------*   *----------*   *------------------*

I received this util a while back and Tronic complained to me about the
shitty colour pallete on the 'Manual' part of the soft. So to all those
people without the benefit of a (kindly donated) monitor, here is the
'How to use Crackin' Muzex II - In English !!!' document!

F1 - Load a file - From here you type in the name of the file you want to
hack a musix file out of. The soft will NOT depack files, so dig out the
depacker (Or place breakpoints on the JMP's, and save off an executable
file from MonST/Bugaboo etc.)

F2 - Directory - From here you can scan a disk for files without having to
remember the file names... It will not go into folders however.

F3 - Search (Soundchip) - After you have loaded a file you can search for
the soundchip musics of:

- Mad Max/AN Cool
- David Whittaker
- Chrispy Noodle
- Lap
- Ens
- Count Zero

F4 - Save - After you have found a music file you can save it, but you 
have to choose the file size yourself, which can prove a problem occasionally

F5 - Play - After yoµ have found a soundchip music file you can replay it from
within the program. The slight problem is that it will not play soundtracker 
musics.

F6 - Search (Soundtrack) - This allows you to search for:

- Mad Max Digi-Chip
- Hotline Digi-Chip
- TCB-Tracker modules
- Amiga modules 
- Quartet (.4V & .SET)

You cannot replay the soundtracker stuff from within the program.

On the whole the program is well put together and can rip some cool music,
but I, personally, use the Fuzion Mega-Ripper 2 (Thanx you-know-who!!!!)
b-coz it can do loads of other things as well! One well cool thing about
this prog is that is saves a replay source code with the music files you
saved.

Article by BLOODANGEL of The TNC

ENJOY OR DIE!!

Look in the adverts/contacts section if you are a modem trader or a coder.

See Y'all & Take care...
