DARKMERE (GAME)

Darkmere from Core Design

Core Design, we all know them from the firstclass action/adventure
games. In this new game they let you fight against a ork horde in the 
dark. Darkmere, thats the name of the game you are playing in a for 
this nightmare began in this once peaceful kingdom.

A small village is in need. The complete village is distroyed by a 
large dragon. Gildon, the only elf that cares for these people defeats 
the dragon and helps then to rebuild there village and at the end he 
will be chosen for king. But the elfpopulation, that never cared much 
about this human rase, banish Gildon. But he doesn't care much about 
that fact and he helps the humans so gut that happiness return to the 
village and he even marry's an female elf that he find one day. He 
finds her in the woods but she doesn't remember who she is. But after 
she has given birth to a son she suddenly disappears. The sons grows 
in the years that come to a strong elf but his vater stills dreams of 
his lost wife Berengaria. He keeps looking in his kristal ball and 
seems to forget the rest of the world. And soon thiefs, killers and 
other low life people see that he doesn't longer cares for his once so 
beloved village. So one wave after another the violence goes through 
this once peaceful village again and soon only the king and his son 
are left in there castle.
But togheter with prins Ebryn, the king begins to see the patron of 
these monster Orks. The headquarters of the Orks is in a large hole 
system in the mountains in the far West. There they keep something 
very misterious, something so important that they would never had be 
so succesfull without it. They also seem to have somekind of 
warmachine so bad that the whole world would tremble if it could see 
it.

The king gives his son his sword, the one which once belonged to him 
to defeat the dragon. Prins Ebryn has to fight his way through this 
bad land to reach Darkmere and banish him. When he is in very big 
trouible he can call his vater, but only five times after that even he 
can't help anymore. Because everything he sons calls he for help he 
will loose some of the livespend his vater has left.

And ofcourse you must play prins Ebryn in this game and ofcourse you 
can do it without your old vaters help. Afterall you have got that 
legendary sword, the one that grows stronger each time you defeat an 
evil thing. But if it striks an good thing the sword will take one of 
your live strenght bars. There are lots of small missions you will 
have to fight through before you finally reach the end. 
The magician Malthor, an good friend of the king, sends you for a 
quest to find some herbs that will help you to defeat the holedragon. 
Or the Alchimist that gives you a special oil when you return to him 
his stolen treasure. 

The game playboard is again isometric, you know like in Cadaver or in 
Popolous, very nice animations with lovely graphix and a very good 
joystick control. Lots of nice scene's, like the village, the ork 
holes are your's to dicover. Some very nice cartoon-a-like animations 
between the different stages, the one's like we have seen them before 
from Core Design. Good music's and very nice sound effect are to hear 
too.

Darkmere will run on an ST with at least 1 Mb and should be out around 
now.


                                                 Bonus Software                                                                         

