PINBALL FANTASIES


Pinball Fantasies made by 21st Century

The swedish programmers team "Digital Illusions" or also called The 
Silents" pinball-ed there way already once to the charts. With Pinball 
Dreams they made a game with as special four different kind of pinball 
machine in one game. This game had some very good music, very good
playability and much more. There was only one BUT to this game, it had a 
great lack of variety.

But these programmer took that advise with them and made a new pinball 
simulator called Pinball Fantasies. No special computerversion extra's as 
hidden screen and the lot because there aren't any in the arcade and they 
wanted to keep it as close to the reality as they could. Just real computer 
conversions of real arcade pinball machines. And this time the pinball 
machines are filled with loads of ramps, bumpers and jackpotpoints.

To start the game you just choose one of the four pinball machines 
avaiable, every pinball machine has his own layout, music, graphix and 
playability. Pinball 1 is "Party Land", a playboard with a large clownsface 
in it and more nice things you could find on a fair. The second pinball is for 
the car fanatics among us and is called "Speed Devils" with specials like 
Highspeeds ramps, Miles Bonus Multipicators, Off Road and Turbo mode.
The third pinball is called "Billion Dollar Gameshow" with specials a the 
"Small Wheel" and "Jackpot". The last pinball is the "Stones and Bones" 
machine for the horror freaks. Here it is ghost hunting time and you can 
collect "Bonus Screams" for points.

On every pinball there are loads of pins, ramps and hidden bonusports. But 
you only get those points by preforming certain tasks like clicking pins away 
in the proper way. You can even cheat a bit, if your ball falls down between 
the flipper just try pressing the spacebar to "TilT" it. With a bit of luck 
you can get your ball back, or without the luck the machines just TILTs and 
the ball is lost.

Its a very very nice game with highscore list for every machine and you even 
can play it with 8 persons a time. So i would say try this one out for real on 
your ST...

                                                 Bonus Software 
                                                                        

