DAN OF LAZER
~OMEGA.FIL~


(1)  First I want to thank you for cooperating with my interview
     in spite of your busy school/work schedules. Like all interviews 
     we kick off with the old cliche question; who are you and what is
     your function in Lazer?

DAN: Yupp, this is DAN(capital letters) from Lazer/The Independent.
     I'm the grfxman in Lazer(responsible for the lack of grfx in
     Lazer-productions)!  


(2)  Who are according to you the most talented graphics men on the Atari
     scene?

DAN: Mc Fly/Risk        (!Fab. work!/He is brilliant!)

     NIKO/EKO	    	
     Jade/Dune



(3)  How long does it take you to create a picture such as the one in front of
     the "Lost Blubb" demo(the female)?

DAN: Takes me months, because I am lazy as hell.
     (Max. 2 hours a day)



(4)  Which tools do you use to create graphics? 

DAN: INDYPAINT(shareware tool by Photon of LAZER)
     Many people say the tool is crap, but ... they are right.
     (Sorry Photon!)
     Everything is complely handmade! NO scans! NO nothing!

     NEON 3D(It's fabulous; Buy it, it's worth its price)



(5)  What is your opinion about the graphical presentation of DBA diskmag(watch
     your answers, we might ask you to prove yourself (grin))?

DAN: The RESERVOIR GODS have done an excellent job. This promising crew 
     holds the Falcon up! Carry on, Mr. Pink!!!!
     Lots of greetings to all RGs!


 
(6)  Are you and Martina actually working together to design the demo's?

DAN: (loud laugh) No, it would take years to design a demo like that,
     the rest of LAZER lives in Austria. The main design work is done 
     in Austria.  



(7)  As you may have heard; "Lost Blubb" was shown on American
     television in a show called "World of Demos." Some people saw 
     this show and where very impressed by your production. Was "Lost 
     Blubb" beside being fun to make also intended as a promotion 
     demo (to get a job)?

DAN: Surprisingly, I've never heard anything alike. Would be simply
     amazing to get into this business, as it was not what we intended 
     to do.
     By the way, do send us your demos. We love to see your work!
     See the address in the LOST BLUBB entrance scene(MY PIC).



(8)  The Atari demo scene is by many regarded as relaxed and friendly.
     What are your experiences and what do you think of the PC scene?

DAN: Too many kids, too much commercial bullshit. PC stinks! 



(9)  I know that some questions are quite difficult, unlike most
     standard questions found in the average diskmagazine. So, I make
     things a bit easier. Could you react for me to a couple of words?

     Agent T. : Talented ... nice to meet at partys!

     Bill Gates: Will get even richer with WINDOWS'95.

     UFOs: Have not seen any by now, sorry

     Jovis of Zuul: ?!?



(10) Who are according to you the best groups (besides yours) on the Atari
     scene?

     1. AVENA (very active/but no grfxman )
     2. Reservoir Gods (Hi MR.PINK, see (5))
     3. EKO
     4. AURA (BDC, is brilliant/but too few releases, boy)



(11) Do you think that diskmagazines are contributing to a better scene 
     environment? Are they as useful to you as a "normal" paper-based 
     computer magazine or are they just a collection amusing text-files?

DAN: I admire the work of all editors; One year ago  we tried to release
     an own INDEPENDENT internal Magazine called INDY-Mag.
     We never finished Vol.#4 by lack of feedback. 



(12) Are you taking reviews of your productions in a diskmagazine seriously?

DAN: Yup, lots of reviews claimed the lack of grfx in our productions,
     I'll look forward to stop being that lazy.



(13) I won't take much more of your precious time and conclude this interview 
     with one last question.  How do you see the future of Atari (taking the 
     MicroBox in account, see Maggie 18)?

DAN: To tell the truth: The MicroBox is a promising attempt; but as always
     ATARI will miss its chance with the total lack of advertisments/promotions 
     and TV-Spots. For me ATARI will alsways be the platform to meet friends in 
     the scene and have fun at parties (FB3 was fun/Thanx Stallion).
     
     At the end I'd like to say hello to all guys in The Independent and of
     course The RESERVOIR Goodies!
 

Thank you very much for allowing me to interview you.
~LOTS.PAL~
