MARTINA OF LAZER

(1)First I want to thank you for cooperating with my interview in spite of 
   your busy school/work schedules. Like all interviews we kick off with the 
   old cliche question; who are you and what is your function in Lazer?

I'm the female part of Lazer and try to give the rest of us as much 
work as possible :-)
I'm 21 years old and though I'm blond I'm studying technics of biology.
I'm very tall and tiny compared with Stax.
I'm very stupid compared with Photons Floppy.
I'm very intelligent compared with Energizer.(Who is just threatening
to throw a Monitor onto me...) ;)
I'm very nice compared with the whole group.   ~DOLL1.BLK~
(Shoutings in the background...)




(2)How does it feel to be the only woman in a democrew and do you actually own
   a computer yourself?

To be honest, it doesn't feel very special or important. Some years ago 
I started programming in C, but I gave it up because of not enough time. 
Maybe I'll try it again if I find the time. Once I tried to make some
music with a little help from Stax - it was a desaster. As soon as I 
attempted it, I gave it up.
I own all the old Computers from Lazer (3 ST's, Ste's ...)


(3)I was quite impressed by your new approach toward demo design, especially by
   the fact that you and a friend danced for it. Are you planning to do more
   designing in the future?

Of course. If there is new stuff from us, I'll certainly make the design.

(4)What is your experience with computer freaks, do you think that they are dull
  (a bit of a cliche question)?

Computer freaks are: always in front of their "Kistl" (=Box)
                     talking about their new programs
                     not listening when you talk to them
                     making noise(Stax)
All in all I think I got used to them and so you can have a lot of fun with
them.
 
(5)Software houses are working these days on female orientated games, like pink
   cuddly bunnies' in Mario land. What do you think about this new concept?

?

(6)The computer scene is very much dominated by men. What would it take to
   interest women for computing (I actually know only one female computer
   freak)?

I don't think that you can really do something for interesting women 
for computing. Generally I think that women see computers only as a 
tool for writing letters, or things like that. They don't see them 
as a hobby, maybe most women just have different interests 
(how many men like knitting or cooking?).
 
(7)How did you get involved into demo designing and the Atari scene?

I just met the right people; first I went to dancing school together 
with Harald, then the chaos began...After a wile I started to 
interest me for the things Photon, Energizer and Stax made on 
the computer and tried to give tips for their screens. After "Autowaschen
verboten" I suggested to make a dance video(demo) and said that I 
could dance for them myself. And so a lot of hard work and also a lot of 
fun started...

(8)Could you give some useful tips to other demogroups about design? Most of the
   demos have a pretty forward design, what would you change?

Some people of my group say that other demogroups can rent me - if the
price is okay :-).Besides, the only thing I do is to say what I like and 
what I don't like and what I want them to program.
In my opinion there's only one thing that you can say in general:It's 
not good to show one effect for a very long time, I personally don't 
like seeing it for five minutes, even though this effect is very good.
    
(9)Who are according to you the best groups (besides yours) on the Atari scene?

Inter, Eko, Avena

(10)Are you allowed to play with the Sony Playstation (Grin) or are the guys 
    having all the fun?

I'm only a poor little girl who isn't strong enough to fight for it:-)
Honestly,I am not allowed to play with it because of a too big addiction
to Ridge Racer. ;)

(11)I won't take much more of your precious time and conclude this interview 
    with one last question.  How do you see the future of Atari (taking the 
    MicroBox in account, see Maggie 18)?
                                          ~DOLL2.BLK~
Long live the PC! ;-) 
(Don't marry her, Harald! ED) ;-))



Thank you very much for allowing me to interview you.  

Sure thing!
 
