PHOTON OF LAZER
~OMEGA.FIL~
(1) First I want to thank you for cooperating with my interview
    in spite of your busy school/work schedules. Like all interviews 
    we kick off with the old cliche question; who are you and what is
    your function in Lazer?

Pseudo: Photon
Group: Lazer
Function: Coder, (slave of all others)
Name: Gerhard Seiler
Age: 23
I'm studying electical engineering


(2)When was Lazer formed and by whom?

Once upon a time there was a little computer shop in Vienna. In these
good old days even Atari computers were sold there.
I worked there after school some hours a week and copied PD-disks.
One sunny day one of the sellers (ST-Ninja) showed me some demos for the ST.
The first demo I saw in my life was the UNION-Demo. (Ugh..)
He also showed me some GFA-Basic screens from him with smooth Scrollers.
That was the time when I started to code demoscreens in GFA-Basic.
We called us VBL-Team and released our first demo, the "Introduction Demo".
It was followed by our first Assembler Demo, the "Micro Demo".
In this time we met Stax and Charlie, who came from a C64 Crew named Lazer.
We agreed to make a Atari department of Lazer. (some weeks later the C64
section vanished...?)
We began making a real Megademo, the "X-Large" demo. I don't think that
you will ever have heard of it, because two days before it was finished,
my harddisk crashed....
In this time we met some ST-Freaks on a computer fair. And here Energizer 
comes into the play.
The next big demo we made was the "Warum" demo, our first Falcon demo.
(Released on the 680xx) After that we made "Autowaschen Verboten" for the 
Fried Bits II. In this demo Martina, Energizers' girlfriend, began designing 
our demos. It seems that she liked it, because she did the whole choreograpy 
and dancing and a big part of the design for "Lost Blubb".


(3)I always wondered if there is an Atari scene in Austria or are your the
   only active Atari users over there?

Good question. I don't know others.
There were a few who did things on the ST, but I don't think there are 
many Falcons in Austria. (In Vienna there is only one shop where you can 
get Falcons)


(4)As you may have heard; "Lost Blubb" was shown on American
   television in a show called "World of Demos." Some people saw 
   this show and were very impressed by your production.
   Was "Lost Blubb" beside being fun to make also intended as a 
   promotion demo(to get a job)?

Energizer told me that our demo was shown on TV. The demo was mostly done 
because Martina forced us into doing it :-) but the rest was fun.


(5)This is a rather strange leap to a completely different subject. What do
   you think of Microsoft and Windows 95? Will the alternative computers 
   like Atari, Apple, Amiga and Archimedes survive in the PC dominated
   world?

Windows 95: no comment.
I don't think Atari or Amiga have any future... Not in the PC world.
Perhaps Apple can survive.


(6)The Atari demo scene is by many regarded as relaxed and friendly.
   What are your experiences and what do you think of the PC scene?

The climate in Atari scene is one of the most important reasons why I'm 
coding for the Atari, but I can't tell you anything about the PC-scene. 
I simply don't know even one from the PC-scene...


(7)Are you currently working on new projects? If so could you lift a tip of
   the veil?

In the moment there are many projects like "Mathematic 3", "Mechanics for
engineers" and "fundamentals of electrical engineering". I have to do
much for my studies.
I have no concrete demo-plans, if you wanted to hear that, but perhaps
Energizer or Stax have some. Martina definitively has...


(8)Can we look forward to another megademo at the next Fried Bits party(pretty
   tricky question because I asked Energizer also)?

Of course you can look forward, but I don't know if we will make one.. :->
Seriously, it's a long time until then, I just don't know.


(9)Trying to think of good questions is a difficult thing to do. If we switched 
   places (you Slimer, the interviewer, me Photon, coder)what would you ask me 
   next?  

(lazy interviewer?? I have not only to answer questions, I have to ask them...?)
Question: What about Indypaint?
Answer: When Energizer has a working Falcon, he will support it.


(10)Who are according to you the best groups (besides yours) on the Atari
    scene?

The groups who release good things are (in my opinion) Inter, Eko, Avena,
Therapy, Exa. There are many good groups in the scene, but many of them 
are inactive.


(11)Do you think that diskmagazines are contributing to a better scene 
    environment? Are they as useful to you as a "normal" paper-based 
    computer magazine or are they just a collection amusing text-files?

That's a trick question.
I have to admit that I neither read much of paper based magazines, nor
the diskmags very carefully. In diskmags I like to read the Demo-reviews.


(12)Are you taking reviews of your productions in a diskmagazine seriously?

It depends on how much points we get ... ;-)


(13)I won't take much more of your precious time and conclude this interview 
    with one last question.  How do you see the future of Atari (taking the 
    MicroBox in account, see Maggie 18)?

Perhaps Atari will survive with the Jaguar, but I don't think they will
produce a new computer. Probably Atari would be very astonished if they 
read the Micro-Box specifications. I don't believe they know anything 
about that...


Thank you very much for allowing me to interview you.
~LOTS.PAL~
