HISTORY OF D.B.A. 
                                               
                                                 Article by Slimer.......

                        History of the D.B.A.

The D.B.A. is a group who is founded some years ago.
In the beginning there where two guys, who where swapping software.
Those two guys decided to form a group( although one of the two, never saw
the use in this idea).
After a time of trying to think of a good name for the group, the name
Disk Busters popt up !
It was some time later that I extended the name with Association !

Okay, we had a name, but we where only two guys( Slimer and Vigo ).
So, we swapped for a time with only two members.
Then on one day the doorbell did: Riiiinnnggg......I opened the door
and i saw nothing, then a voice from below said: Hi !
Shit....what the f..k is that so I looked down and I saw.....Ecto 1 !
I want to join you he said.......eeehhh okay I said and we we're with three
members.

After a while we wanted to make demo's, but non of us was a good coder !
So, we started with some STOS work( ha ha ha it's funny afterwards) !
I( Slimer ) did some painting and Ecto 1 some STOS coding.
But the coding wasn't good enough for demo standards !
Lucky for us, we did know a G.F.A. coder called Bonus Software.
We asked the guy if he could teach us some G.F.A. stuff, but it turned
out that he is coding and we still can't code a good demo screen !

We asked if he would join us, in the beginning he wasn't to happy with
the idea.
But he agreed with the idea and he started with the first demo in G.F.A. !
He got some support from a guy called K.G.E.( ASM ), he is now also a member.
The first demo they made was called the Batman Classic demo( featuring a
10 Khz. sample from great quality with a scrolline and level indicators) !
After that Bonus was working on the first D.B.A. demo and when it was finis 
-hed it turned out to be a bit better then our STOS demo ( never released ) !
The first demo wasn't a big hit, there weren't to much people who liked it,
but there where lesser demo's than ours( hello T.B.W.) !

Then Bonus started at the second D.B.A. demo called the Just Fun demo !
Did he improve or what !!
Yeess, he climbed up to be one of the best G.F.A. coders around( yes one
of the best, we must not forget K.G.E., Overlanders and a view others ) !
The one big shame is that many people compare G.F.A. with Assembler.
It's nicer to code something in G.F.A. then in ASM.( there is too much 
competition) because G.F.A. has some lesser posibility's !
Better a good G.F.A. demo then a bad Assembler demo !

Look at this great magazine, it's written in G.F.A. and a little bit in ASM.
Doesn't it look great and doesn't it scroll fast.

But I must go on with the history of the D.B.A. !
Right where was I......oh yes, I had a good contact in Sweden.
This guy was called Nighthawk and was one of the member of the Incoders.
The same guys who made the Inc.Magazine and some other stuff !
Inc.magazine was a very nice mag. but it didn't survive because of the
fact that they didn't had enough articles !
So, the group split up and Nighthawk joined us, his name is now Mr.Cool.

Mr.Cool decided to come to Holland to visit us(good idea) !
In Holland he had the pleasure of meeting us and.......Ms. Angel( the
the sister of Ecto 1 ).
Ms. Angel is now writing some stuff for the magazine and we made her also
a member of the D.B.A.( we are one of the view groups with an active female 
member).

We had long conversations about lots of things and then we came up with
the idea to make a magazine !
We wanted to have a different magazine then the rest( without pulldown 
menu's ) and we had enough people to form a magazine team !

At the end of the trip, everybody split up.......
Mr.Cool left for Sweden, Bonus started working on a text-displayer and the
rest of the guys( and girl ) started to make articles !
This is the final result and I think it's not a bad magazine.
By the way, the D.B.A. has also some people who are supporting us and are
not( yet ) members of our Association !
These people are Mr.Yoga and O.T.M. who are members of the mag. team !

So this bit of text is typed after the first four issues of the magazine
that has become one of the best spread around. But we saw that not every
body had all the issues and thought of a way to fix that problem. And 
here it is, issue 4 The Ultimate Compil. If yopu want to know more about
this special issue then read the article ABOUT MAGAZINE 4.
That's it for the history stuff, i said enough so bugger off.........

                        Slimer of the D.B.A.


