THE BEYOND DEMO


                                         reviewed by Slimer........

                       The Beyond Demo by Kruz,

Sometime ago i recieved a new demo from the Finnish democrew Kruz.
I immediatly loaded the demo in my Atari ST, while watching i took some
notes and made the following review of the demo.......

After booting my computer the demo begins to load, the word loading appears
on the screen, so i leaned back in my chair and waited.
The loading took place in a very short time and a digidrums tune begins
to play.
Some pictures pop up saying: Kruz presents the demo called Beyond.
There is some writing on the picture with the Kruz logo but i couln't
read it properly.
Lets hit space.........

The Main Menu,

You get a landscape with a spacecraft ( 3 D filled ), you can control the
spacecraft with the arrowkeys.
The screens are small groups of balls, you must fly above a group of balls
and press the spacebar.
The screen gets loaded, I personally don't like the mainmenu because you
can't see how many actual screens there are in the field.
Kruz figured that out too and made an second mainmenu, you can get it by
pressing the HELP key.
A small list of FUNCTION keys appears on the screen, i used this option
to see all the demoscreens.

F1. The DDD screen,

This an 3D filled graphics demo, it shows lots of different objects that
move with a amazing speed on your screen.
These are shure the best and fastest 3D objects that i ever encounterd on
the ST.
It shows transparant 3D objects, objects with a light source shining on it
and a lot more.......
A rather amazing screen.

F2. Pax Plax Parallax,

2 layers of parallax moving background are on this screen.
There is a big transparant scrolltext running over the screen and it uses
the left and right border.
It looks to much like a TLB screen to me.
The music is good, that counts for all the screens ( although it's ripped ).
Nice......

F3. Kruz Finland,

The background is distorted ( looks like ULM gfx. ) and around 20 big
tracking balls are racing over the screen.
Two big words say that the screen is made by: Kruz Finland.
In the lower part of the screen is also a scrolltext but it is written in
Finnish ( what a pitty ).
Old idea but nice coding........

F4. The Twin Twist,

In this screen 2 big horizontal twisters invade the screen.
The twisters runs trough the right and left border of the screen.
A bit boring although it's nicely coded.......

F5. A guestscreen by the Universal Coders,

In the upper part of the screen we have the scrolltext.
The rest of the screen is filled with an enormous logo saying: Armada.
This logo is distorting and it's moves from left to right of the screen,
both borders are missing here.
The same comment as the previous screen.

The resetscreen,

There many moving 3D thingies in this screen.
In the middle of the screen is some text that gives you some info. and
the greetings.

------------------------------ CONCLUSION ----------------------------------

The demo has avarage graphics and contains good code.
It's a pitty that the screens are based on old idea's and that there are
only 5 screens and 1 reset screen to look at.
The best screen is most definitly the 3D screen called; the DDD screen of
the demo.

Ratings,

Code : 8
GFX  : 7+
Music: 8-

Overall rating : 7+

I think that Kruz has some good coders who can make some more stuff in the
future, good luck to you all !

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

